#어법, 어휘

#2019 수능

#2019 수능 29번
“Monumental” is a word that comes very close to expressing
the basic characteristic of Egyptian art. Never before and
never since has the quality of monumentality been achieved as
fully as it was in Egypt. The reason for this is not the
external size and massiveness of their works, although the
Egyptians admittedly achieved some amazing things in this
respect. Many modern structures exceed those of Egypt in
terms of purely physical size. But massiveness has nothing to
do with monumentality. An Egyptian sculpture no bigger than
a person’s hand is more monumental than that gigantic pile of
stones that constitutes the war memorial in Leipzig, for
instance. Monumentality is not a matter of external weight, but
of “inner weight.” This inner weight is the quality which
Egyptian art possesses to such a degree that everything in it
seems to be made of primeval stone, like a mountain range,
even if it is only a few inches across or carved in wood.

#2019 수능 30번
Europe’s first Homo sapiens lived primarily on large game,
particularly reindeer. Even under ideal circumstances, hunting
these fast animals with spear or bow and arrow is an uncertain
task. The reindeer, however, had a weakness that mankind
would mercilessly exploit: it swam poorly. While afloat, it is
uniquely vulnerable, moving slowly with its antlers held high
as it struggles to keep its nose above water. At some point, a
Stone Age genius realized the enormous hunting advantage he
would gain by being able to glide over the water’s surface, and
built the first boat. Once the easily overtaken and killed
prey had been hauled aboard, getting its body back to the tribal
camp would have been far easier by boat than on land. It would
not have taken long for mankind to apply this advantage to other
goods.

#2019 수능 42번
Industrial capitalism not only created work, it also created
‘leisure’ in the modern sense of the term. This might seem
surprising, for the early cotton masters wanted to keep their
machinery running as long as possible and forced their employees
to work very long hours. However, by requiring continuous
work during work hours and ruling out non-work activity,
employers had separated out leisure from work. Some did
this quite explicitly by creating distinct holiday periods, when
factories were shut down, because it was better to do this
than have work interrupted by the casual taking of days off.
‘Leisure’ as a distinct non-work time, whether in the form of
the holiday, weekend, or evening, was a result of the disciplined
and bounded work time created by capitalist production.
Workers then wanted more leisure and leisure time was
enlarged by union campaigns, which first started in the cotton
industry, and eventually new laws were passed that limited
the hours of work and gave workers holiday entitlements.
Leisure was also the creation of capitalism in another
sense, through the commercialization of leisure. This no
longer meant participation in traditional sports and pastimes.
Workers began to pay for leisure activities organized by
capitalist enterprises. Mass travel to spectator sports, especially
football and horse-racing, where people could be charged for
entry, was now possible. The importance of this can hardly
be exaggerated, for whole new industries were emerging to
exploit and develop the leisure market, which was to become
a huge source of consumer demand, employment, and profit.

#2019 수능 44번
Olivia and her sister Ellie were standing with Grandma in
the middle of the cabbages. Suddenly, Grandma asked, “Do
you know what a Cabbage White is?” “Yes, I learned about
it in biology class. It’s a beautiful white butterfly,” Olivia
answered. “Right! But it lays its eggs on cabbages, and then
the caterpillars eat the cabbage leaves! So, why don’t you help
me to pick the caterpillars up?” Grandma suggested. The two
sisters gladly agreed and went back to the house to get ready.
Soon, armed with a small bucket each, Olivia and Ellie
went back to Grandma. When they saw the cabbage patch,
they suddenly remembered how vast it was. There seemed to
be a million cabbages. Olivia stood open-mouthed at the
sight of the endless cabbage field. She thought they could
not possibly pick all of the caterpillars off. Olivia sighed in
despair. Grandma smiled at her and said, “Don’t worry. We
are only working on this first row here today.” Relieved,
she and Ellie started on the first cabbage.
The caterpillars wriggled as they were picked up while
Cabbage Whites filled the air around them. It was as if the
butterflies were making fun of Olivia; they seemed to be
laughing at her, suggesting that they would lay millions
more eggs. The cabbage patch looked like a battlefield.
Olivia felt like she was losing the battle, but she fought on.
She kept filling her bucket with the caterpillars until the
bottom disappeared. Feeling exhausted and discouraged, she
asked Grandma, “Why don’t we just get rid of all the
butterflies, so that there will be no more eggs or caterpillars?”
Grandma smiled gently and said, “Why wrestle with Mother
Nature? The butterflies help us grow some other plants
because they carry pollen from flower to flower.” Olivia
realized she was right. Grandma added that although
she knew caterpillars did harm to cabbages, she didn’t wish
to disturb the natural balance of the environment. Olivia
now saw the butterflies’ true beauty. Olivia and Ellie
looked at their full buckets and smiled.

#2018 수능

#2018 수능 28번
Psychologists who study giving behavior have noticed
that some people give substantial amounts to one or two
charities, while others give small amounts to many charities.
Those who donate to one or two charities seek evidence about
what the charity is doing and if it is really having a
positive impact. If the evidence indicates that the charity is
really helping others, they make a substantial donation. Those
who give small amounts to many charities are not so
interested in whether what they are doing helps others ─
psychologists call them warm glow givers. Knowing that they
are giving makes them feel good, regardless of the impact
of their donation. In many cases the donation is so small ─
$10 or less ─ that if they stopped to think, they would
realize that the cost of processing the donation is likely to
exceed any benefit it brings to the charity.

#2018 수능 29번
Some prominent journalists say that archaeologists should
work with treasure hunters because treasure hunters have
accumulated valuable historical artifacts that can reveal
much about the past. But archaeologists are not asked to
cooperate with tomb robbers, who also have valuable
historical artifacts. The quest for profit and the search for
knowledge cannot coexist in archaeology because of the
time factor. Rather incredibly, one archaeologist employed
by a treasure hunting firm said that as long as archaeologists
are given six months to study shipwrecked artifacts before
they are sold, no historical knowledge is lost! On the
contrary, archaeologists and assistants from the INA (Institute
of Nautical Archaeology) needed more than a decade of
year-round conservation before they could even catalog all
the finds from an eleventh-century AD wreck they had
excavated. Then, to interpret those finds, they had to learn
Russian, Bulgarian, and Romanian, without which they would
never have learned the true nature of the site. Could
a “commercial archaeologist” have waited more than a
decade or so before selling the finds?

#2018 수능 30번
Scott Adams, the creator of Dilbert, one of the most
successful comic strips of all time, says that two personal
letters dramatically changed his life. One night he was
watching a PBS-TV program about cartooning, when he
decided to write to the host of the show, Jack Cassady, to ask
for his advice about becoming a cartoonist. Much to his
surprise, he heard back from Cassady within a few weeks in
the form of a handwritten letter. The letter advised Adams not
to be discouraged if he received early rejections. Adams got
inspired and submitted some cartoons, but he was quickly
rejected. Not following Cassady’s advice, he became
discouraged, put his materials away, and decided to forget
cartooning as a career. About fifteen months later, he was
surprised to receive yet another letter from Cassady,
especially since he hadn’t thanked him for his original
advice. He acted again on Cassady’s encouragement, but this
time he stuck with it and obviously hit it big.

#2018 수능 44번
It was the first day of the new semester. Steve and Dave
were excited that they would be back at school again. They
rode their bicycles to school together that morning, as they
usually did. Dave had math on the first floor, and Steve was
on the second with history. On his way to the classroom,
Steve’s teacher came up to him to ask if he wanted to run
for student president. Steve thought for a moment and
answered, “Sure, it’ll be a great experience.”
After class, Steve spotted Dave in the hallway and ran to him
excitedly, “I’ve got good news! I’m going for student president
and I think mine will be the only nomination.” Dave cleared his
throat and replied with surprise, “Actually, I’ve just registered
my name, too!” He continued sharply, “Well, best of luck!
But don’t think you’ll win the election, Steve.” Dave walked
quickly away and from that moment on, there was an
uncomfortable air of tension between the two friends. Steve
tried to be friendly toward Dave, but he just didn’t seem to care.
When the election day came, Steve found that his bicycle
had a flat tire, so he started to run to school. Just as he
reached the end of the street, Dave’s dad, who was driving
Dave to school, pulled over to give him a ride. The dead
silence in the car made the drive painful. Noticing the bad
atmosphere, Dave’s dad said, “You know, only one of you
can win. You have known each other since birth. Don’t let
this election ruin your friendship. Try to be happy for each
other!” His words hit Dave hard. Looking at Steve, Dave felt
the need to apologize to him later that day.
Steve won the election. Upon hearing the result, Dave went
over to Steve and congratulated him, shaking his hand.
Steve could still see the disappointment burning in his eyes. It
wasn’t until later that evening, on the way home, that Dave
said apologetically, “I’m so sorry, Steve! This election hasn’t
damaged our friendship, has it?” “Of course not, Dave. We’re
friends as always!” Steve responded with a smile. As Steve
arrived home, his dad was proudly waiting for him and said,
“Congratulations on the win! How did Dave take it?” Steve
replied, “We’re fine now, best friends for life!” His dad
laughed, “Sounds like you won two battles today!”

#2017 수능

#2017 수능 28번
When people face real adversity ─ disease, unemployment,
or the disabilities of age ─ affection from a pet takes on new
meaning. A pet’s continuing affection becomes crucially
important for those enduring hardship because it reassures
them that their core essence has not been damaged. Thus pets
are important in the treatment of depressed or chronically ill
patients. In addition, pets are used to great advantage with
the institutionalized aged. In such institutions it is difficult for
the staff to retain optimism when all the patients are declining
in health. Children who visit cannot help but remember
what their parents or grandparents once were and be
depressed by their incapacities. Animals, however, have no
expectations about mental capacity. They do not worship
youth. They have no memories about what the aged once
were and greet them as if they were children. An old man
holding a puppy can relive a childhood moment with complete
accuracy. His joy and the animal’s response are the same.

#2017 수능 29번
When teachers work in isolation, they tend to see the world
through one set of eyes ─ their own. The fact that there might
be someone somewhere in the same building or district who
may be more successful at teaching this or that subject or
lesson is lost on teachers who close the door and
work their way through the school calendar virtually alone. In
the absence of a process that allows them to
benchmark those who do things better or at least differently,
teachers are left with that one perspective ─ their own. I
taught various subjects under the social studies umbrella and
had very little idea of how my peers who taught the same
subject did what they did. The idea of meeting regularly to
compare notes, plan common assessments, and share what we
did well never occurred to us. Rather, we spent
much time in the social studies office complaining about a
lack of time and playing the blame game.

#2017 수능 30번
Dr. Paul Odland and his friend Bob travel frequently to
South America, where they provide free medical treatment for
disabled children of poor families. One day, they went to a
local marketplace. Paul wanted to buy some souvenirs, and
he spotted a carving that he liked. The non-English
speaking seller was asking 500 pesos for the carving. With Bob
acting as interpreter, Paul offered 300 and his opponent
proposed 450. The bargaining in the noisy market became
spirited, even intense, with Paul stepping up his price
slightly and the seller going down slowly. The pace increased
so fast that Bob could not keep up with the back-and-forth
interpretation. Meanwhile, observing the seller carefully, Paul
sensed something wrong in Bob’s interpretation. In fact, the
seller had gone below Paul’s last offer. When Paul raised his
doubt, Bob instantly recognized the error and corrected his
interpretation. At length, they settled the deal, and he was
delighted to purchase the carving at a reasonable price and
thanked Bob.

#2017 수능 44번
A seventeen-year-old German boy named Erik Brandes
stepped out onto the empty vast stage of the Cologne Opera
House. It was the most exciting day of Erik’s life. The
youngest concert promoter in Germany had persuaded the
Opera House to host a late-night concert of improvised jazz
by the American pianist Keith Jarrett. The concert was a
sellout, and later that evening, Keith would sit down at the
piano and play.
But when Erik introduced Keith and his producer Manfred
to the piano on the stage that afternoon, it didn’t go well.
Keith and Manfred played a few notes. Then after a long
silence, Manfred came to him and said, “Erik, if you
don’t get another piano, Keith can’t play tonight.” Erik knew
that Keith had requested a specific instrument, which the
Opera House had agreed to provide. What he hadn’t realized
was that the administrative staff hadn’t been able to find the
requested Bösendorfer piano, and they had instead installed
a tiny little Bösendorfer that was in poor condition.
Understandably, Keith didn’t want to perform. He left and
went to wait in his car, leaving Erik to anticipate the arrival
of soon-to-be furious concert-goers. Desperate, the
German teenager caught up with Keith and begged the jazz
pianist to play. The pianist looked out at him standing in the
rain, completely soaked, and took pity on him. “Never
forget,” Keith said. “Only for you.” A few hours later,
Keith walked out to the unplayable piano in front of a
packed concert hall.
When Keith began to play, everybody immediately knew
this was magic. Erik too was deeply touched. Keith was
unexpectedly producing the performance of a lifetime
despite the shortcomings of the piano. His left hand
produced thundering, repetitive bass riffs as a way of
covering up the piano’s lack of resonance. Keith really had
to play that piano very hard to get enough volume to get to
the balconies. Standing up and sitting down, Keith played
the unplayable piano to produce something unique. It wasn’t
the music that he ever imagined playing. But faced with a
challenge, he accepted it and flew high.

#2016 수능

#2016 수능 28번
The Greeks’ focus on the salient object and its attributes led
to their failure to understand the fundamental nature of
causality. Aristotle explained that a stone falling through the
air is due to the stone having the property of “gravity.” But of
course a piece of wood tossed into water floats instead of
sinking. This phenomenon Aristotle explained as being due
to the wood having the property of “levity”! In both cases
the focus is exclusively on the object, with no attention
paid to the possibility that some force outside the object
might be relevant. But the Chinese saw the world as consisting
of continuously interacting substances, so their attempts to
understand it caused them to be oriented toward the
complexities of the entire “field,” that is, the context or
environment as a whole. The notion that events always
occur in a field of forces would have been completely
intuitive to the Chinese.

#2016 수능 29번
The Atitlán Giant Grebe was a large, flightless bird that had
evolved from the much more widespread and smaller
Pied-billed Grebe. By 1965 there were only around 80 birds
left on Lake Atitlán. One immediate reason was easy enough
to spot: the local human population was cutting down the reed
beds at a furious rate. This destruction
was driven by the needs of a fast growing mat-making
industry. But there were other problems. An American airline
was intent on developing the lake as a tourist destination for
fishermen. However, there was a major problem with this
idea: the lake lacked any suitable sporting
fish! To compensate for this rather obvious defect, a specially
selected species of fish called the Large-mouthed Bass was
introduced. The introduced individuals immediately turned
their attentions to the crabs and small fish that lived in the lake,
thus competing with the few remaining
grebes for food. There is also little doubt that they sometimes
gobbled up the zebra-striped Atitlán Giant Grebe’s chicks.

#2016 수능 30번
The dancers stood on a two-step elevated stage, so that there
was a natural gap between those who came to dance and those
who came to watch. The host randomly pulled the name of a
well-known dancer, Linx, out of a hat. People cheered.
According to the format, Linx had to “call out” another dancer
to battle him on stage. Instead of deliberately choosing
someone, however, he decided to select his opponent
randomly by making himself into a human spin-wheel. He
propelled himself into a backspin, covered his eyes, and
extended his arm above his head. When his body finally
stopped spinning, his arm pointed away from the dancers
on stage and directly at Dan Tres, standing among the
spectators. The crowd erupted in “Ohhhhs!” because he
was an older family man who had not danced hip-hop in many
years, while the much younger Linx was a nimble b-boy. Linx
looked embarrassed, but nonetheless he called out the
respected elder to battle.

#2016 수능 44번
The midday sun was glorious. The high school grounds
were filled with well-dressed people, posing in fancy dresses
and suits for cheerful photographers. Congratulations, hugs,
and laughter were contagious. Hannah looked at all the
familiar faces that had been part of her life for the last
few years. Soon her mother would be joining them. She
recalled the first day of school when she had stood in that
same place, in the middle of many anxious freshmen, some
of whom had become her closest friends.
That day was unusually foggy as if something mysterious
were ahead. Hannah was nervous and trembling. The principal
was energetically addressing them, talking of the challenges
and thrills of high school life, but she could not concentrate.
Later, a tall, strict-looking man introduced himself as her
homeroom teacher. The classroom was old, but neat and
inviting. Hannah was seated in the fifth row, hallway side,
even though she had wanted a window seat. High school life
soon proved as challenging as the principal had predicted.
Hannah struggled with the many class hours, the endless
assignments, and the exams. However, there were exciting
events like sports days and school festivals. How could she
ever forget her second year! She had sung and danced with
her friends in the festival, part of a sensational performance.
After that, she had become more confident and active. Her
thoughts wandering, Hannah vaguely heard her mother’s
voice. “Here you are!” Her mother hurried over, and gave
her a bundle of lilies and roses and a big hug.
“Hannah, you look so serious. What are you thinking
about?” “Oh, Mom, just, you know.” Her mother smiled.
“You’ll miss this place, won’t you?” Hannah nodded.
“Quick,” her mother said, “stand over there . . . and smile,
Hannah. You have such a pretty smile.” She hurried out
her cell phone, zoomed in on her daughter, and realized
suddenly that she was looking at a young lady. “You’re all
grown-up,” she whispered. Hannah took more photos with
her teachers in the school garden. She wished all the
memories would remain in her mind forever.

#2015 수능(28번 지문 미해결)

#2015 수능 28번(정답 3번 미해결)
During the early stages when the aquaculture industry was
rapidly expanding, mistakes were made and these were costly
both in terms of direct losses and in respect of the industry’s
image. High-density rearing led to outbreaks of infectious
diseases that in some cases devastated not just the caged
fish, but local wild fish populations too. The negative impact
on local wildlife inhabiting areas close to the fish farms
continues to be an ongoing public relations problem for the
industry. Furthermore, a general lack of knowledge and
insufficient care being taken when fish pens were initially
constructed ③ meaning that pollution from excess feed and
fish waste created huge barren underwater deserts. These were
costly lessons to learn, but now stricter regulations are in
place to ensure that fish pens are placed in sites where there
is good water flow to remove fish waste. This, in addition to
other methods that decrease the overall amount of uneaten
food, has helped aquaculture to clean up its act.

#2015 수능 29번
Nancy was struggling to see the positive when her teen
daughter was experiencing a negative perspective on her life
and abilities. In her desire to parent intentionally, she went
into her daughter’s room and noted one positive accomplishment
she had observed. “I know you’ve been having a hard time
lately, and you aren’t feeling really good or positive about
your life. But you did a great job cleaning up your room
today, and I know that must have been a big effort for you.”
The next day, to Nancy’s surprise, the teen girl seemed
somewhat cheerful. In passing, she said, “Mom, thanks for
saying the positive thing about me yesterday. I was feeling so
down and couldn’t think of anything good about myself. After 
you said that positive thing, it helped me see one good
quality in myself, and I’ve been holding onto those words.”

#2015 수능 30번
While the eye sees at the surface, the ear tends to penetrate
below the surface. Joachim-Ernst Berendt points out that the ear
is the only sense that fuses an ability to measure
with an ability to judge. We can discern different colors, but
we can give a precise number to different sounds. Our eyes do
not let us perceive with this kind of precision . An
unmusical person can recognize an octave and, perhaps once
instructed, a quality of tone, that is, a C or an F-sharp. Berendt
points out that there are few ‘acoustical illusions’ ― something
sounding like something that in fact it is not ― while there are
many optical illusions. The ears do not lie. The sense of
hearing gives us a remarkable connection with the invisible,
underlying order of things. Through our ears we gain access to
vibration, which underlies everything around
us. The sense of tone and music in another’s voice gives us an
enormous amount of information about that person, about her
stance toward life, about her intentions.

#2015 수능 44번
In my office, I have a framed letter from a couple of children
I have never met. The letter holds a special significance for me.
It reads, “Dear Dr. Brown, thanks for teaching Mr. Wills to
teach Tisha and Kelly.” Mr. Wills is Jeremy Wills, and he is
one of my former students. A few years back, he took my
positive psychology class in college.
After graduation, Jeremy joined an organization that
recruits future leaders to teach in low-income communities.
He was assigned to a small school in a poor rural county
in North Carolina. Later, his assistant principal took note of
Jeremy’s high expectations and asked him to take over his
math class. He took charge of about a dozen failing “special ed”
kids, and Tisha and Kelly were among them. His idealism
ran high, and he thought he would be able to magically fix
all of their problems.
Before long, the reality hit Jeremy hard. Even after
spending many hours each day preparing lesson plans, it
became clear that his methods were not working. One of the
worst moments was when he distributed a math test.
Many students didn’t even look at the exam. They just put
their heads on their desks and slept. Jeremy became so
stressed that he even dreaded going into his classroom.
Jeremy knew something had to change. He then thought
back to my class, remembering how negative emotions can
drag you down, leaving positive emotions unnoticed. That’s
when he decided to focus more on building positive attitudes
within the classroom. He borrowed lessons from my positive
psychology class and even mentioned my name to his students.
As the students’ attitudes became more optimistic, their
confidence with math grew too. At the end of the school year,
80 percent of Jeremy’s students passed the state’s math test.

#2014-B	수능(27, 28번 지문 미해결)

#2014-B 수능 26번
A friend of mine was sitting in the Miami airport reading a
magazine while she waited to catch a plane to New York. Her
attention was distracted by a rough, noisy quarrel taking place
at the ticket counter. “But I must get to New York today!”
an angry lady hotly told the clerk. “I’m sorry, ma’am, but
there are no more seats available,” came the reply. “But my
eight-year-old daughter is on that plane. I can’t let her fly
into New York City all by herself,” she cried. “Sorry, lady. The
flight is full,” came the same answer. My friend had been
watching and listening to the woman’s woeful story, and her
heart was touched with compassion for the distressed mother.
She walked over to the ticket agent and offered to take a later
flight, if it meant the woman could use her ticket to travel to
New York with her daughter. The agent welcomed my friend’s
solution and quickly issued a revalidated ticket to the woman,
and then arranged for another flight for my friend.

#2014-B 수능 27번(정답 2번 미해결)
Oxygen is what it is all about. Ironically, the stuff that gives
us life eventually kills it. The ultimate life force lies in tiny
cellular factories of energy, called mitochondria, that burn
nearly all the oxygen we breathe in. But breathing has a price.
The combustion of oxygen that keeps us alive and active
② sending out by-products called oxygen free radicals. They
have Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde characteristics. On the one
hand, they help guarantee our survival. For example, when the
body mobilizes to fight off infectious agents, it generates a
burst of free radicals to destroy the invaders very efficiently.
On the other hand, free radicals move uncontrollably
through the body, attacking cells, rusting their proteins,
piercing their membranes and corrupting their genetic code
until the cells become dysfunctional and sometimes give up
and die. These fierce radicals, built into life as both
protectors and avengers, are potent agents of aging.

#2014-B 수능 28번(정답 4번 미해결)
When people started to plant stored seed stock deliberately,
they also began protecting their plants. This changed the
evolutionary pressure that these food plants experienced, as
they no longer had to survive in a natural environment.
Instead, people created a new environment for them, and
selected for other characteristics than nature previously had.
Seeds recovered at archaeological sites clearly show that
farmers selected for larger seeds and thinner seed coats.
Thick seed coats are often essential for seeds to survive in
a natural environment because the seeds of many wild plants
remain dormant for months until winter is over and rain sets
in. But under human management thick seed coats are
unnecessary, as farmers ④ evade responsibility for storing
seeds away from moisture and predators. In fact, seeds with
thinner coats were preferred as they are easier to eat or
process into flour, and they allow seedlings to sprout more
quickly when sown.

#2014-B 수능 44번
How much space do you need to be happy? Part of the
American story is that bigger is better, and with cheap credit
and tax breaks for home buyers, it’s tempting to stretch one’s
finances to build or buy a larger house. My grandpa Otto
chose a different path. He didn’t want to find himself
working longer and longer hours just to pay for more space
and the stuff to fill it. He grew up in a farming community
and within a very large family, so living simply was integral
to his life philosophy.
In the 1950s, when my dad was a little boy, my grandpa
built a 600-square-foot cottage. He put the twenty-bythirty-
foot structure on a small plot of land in Pleasant Hill.
Dad remarked, “Reusing and recycling was a necessity. In
essence, he was recycling before it became ‘cool.’”
Grandpa got most of the materials for his little house from
the Oakland docks, where he was working. It took four years
to build the small cottage, and when they moved in, the roof
wasn’t even on!
My dad recalled looking up at the stars in the roofless
house as a twelve-year-old kid before falling asleep. Dad
didn’t mind living in an unfinished house. He described
Pleasant Hill as “open and private. It felt like all the homes
were on ten acres.” Over the years, my dad and grandpa
noticed dramatic changes in their community. Each year
more farmland was devoured to build strip malls and
neighborhoods with larger homes. As real estate prices rose,
many of their neighbors sold their homes and lots. Soon my
grandpa had the only small house on the block, surrounded
by a sea of homes four times the size of his dwelling.
Yet my grandpa loved his little home and was content with
what he had. Even though the house was small, it didn’t feel
cramped. As my dad said, “Everyone was happy and content.
The size of the house didn’t matter.” My grandpa taught me
that living a simple life isn’t about self-deprivation. Instead,
it’s about giving yourself the time, freedom, and money to
pursue your dreams. In many ways, I’ve modeled my life after
that of my grandpa. I learned from him that simplicity
isn’t about austerity. It’s a revolution in personal growth.

#2014-A 수능(27번 지문 미해결)

#2014-A 수능 27번(정답 4번 미해결)
I hope you remember our discussion last Monday about the
servicing of the washing machine supplied to us three
months ago. I regret to say the machine is no longer working. As
we agreed during the meeting, please send a service engineer as
soon as possible to repair it. The product warranty says that
you provide spare parts and materials for free, but charge for the
engineer’s labor. This sounds unfair. I believe the machine’s
failure is caused by a manufacturing defect. Initially, it made a
lot of noise, and later, it stopped ④ to operate entirely. As it is
wholly the company’s responsibility to correct the defect, I
hope you will not make us pay for the labor component of its
repair.

#2014-A 수능 28번
As we all know, it is not always easy to get work done at the
office. There is rarely quiet time during
regular business hours to sit and concentrate. Office workers
are regularly interrupted by ringing phones, impromptu
meetings, and chattering coworkers. This can be as frustrating
for an employee as it is for the employer who is paying for this
nonproductive work time. Working at home can free you from
these distractions , giving you long blocks of
time to focus on your work. Although your home may present
its own problems, too, there are ways to deal with them. Your
productivity will certainly increase , as will the
quality of your work product. At the same time, you will get to
enjoy the personal satisfaction of focusing on your work and
getting it done.

#2014-A 수능 44번
Mom once said that my grandmother came to America as a
poor uneducated Greek immigrant at eighteen. My
grandmother wanted to go to school, but the harsh immigrant
life pushed her to support her family. Though she never
learned to read in school, she knew many traditional stories
from her home country.
My grandmother liked to tell me these interesting stories at
night. I still remember a few stories in which the gods made
promises with each other like humans. Those who broke their
promises were punished. While listening to the stories, I
decided that I would not break any promises. The morals of
her stories taught me how I should live my life.
One day, when I saw my grandmother on the street by
chance, I noticed that she had difficulty in reading an
English sign. Right at that moment, it hit upon me to teach
her to read English in return for all she had taught me. I
talked to my mom about it, and she was delighted with
my plan. So my grandmother and I worked hard together
using books for beginners.
My efforts were rewarded only a month later on the
morning of my eighteenth birthday. My grandmother
decorated a cake with “HAPPY BIRTHDAY BETTY.” I had
only taught her the basics of reading, but she had written
these words all by herself. Touched by this simple message, I
said, “It’s not just my birthday, Grandma. You stepped into
this country at eighteen. Now, you are stepping into another
new world. So it’s your birthday, too.”

#2013 수능(지문 21, 30번 미해결)

#2013 수능 19번
Ellen Langer learned from her mother how to prepare a
roast. As a little girl, she would watch as her mother
cut off a small bit from one end of the meat before
placing it in the roasting pan. As an adult, she followed
the same routine. However, a question occurred to her
one day. Why did she have to cut off the end of the
roast? She asked her mother, who just said she’d learned
to do it from her own mother. Then Langer asked her
grandmother. She explained that when she was a young
mother, the only roasting pan she’d had was too short
for a standard roast, so she had to cut off the end to fit
it into the pan. She’d long since gotten roasting pans in
larger sizes and hadn’t cut an end off since. Yet for
years both Langer and her mother had mindlessly
followed this routine.

#2013 수능 20번
In many countries, amongst younger people, the habit of
reading newspapers has been on the decline and some of
the dollars previously spent on newspaper
advertising have migrated to the Internet. Of course some
of this decline in newspaper reading has been due to the
fact that we are doing more of our newspaper reading
online. We can read the news of the day, or the latest on
business, entertainment or however news on
the websites of the New York Times, the Guardian or almost
any other major newspaper in the world. Increasingly, we
can access these stories wirelessly by mobile devices as
well as our computers. Advertising dollars have simply
been following the migration trail across to
these new technologies.

#2013 수능 21번(정답 3번 미해결)
We take it for granted that film directors are in the
game of recycling. Adapting novels is one of the most
respectable of movie projects, while a book that calls
itself the novelization of a film is considered barbarous.
Being a hybrid art as well as a late one, film has always
been in a dialogue with other narrative genres. Movies
were first seen as an exceptionally potent kind of illusionist
theatre, the rectangle of the screen corresponding to the
proscenium of a stage, ③ which appear actors. Starting in
the early silent period, plays were regularly “turned into”
films. But filming plays did not encourage the evolution
of what truly was distinctive about a movie: the intervention
of the camera ― its mobility of vision. As a source of plot,
character, and dialogue, the novel seemed more suitable.
Many early successes of cinema were adaptations of
popular novels.

#2013 수능 30번(정답 3번 미해결)
Researchers have suggested that maintaining good social
relations depends on two complementary processes:
being sensitive to the needs of others and being motivated
to make amends or pay compensation when a violation
does occur. In short, maintaining good social relations
depends on the capacity for guilt. Martin L. Hoffman,
who has focused on the guilt that comes from harming
others, suggests that the motivational basis for this guilt
is empathetic distress. Empathetic distress occurs when
people ③ deny that their actions have caused harm or
pain to another person. Motivated by feelings of guilt,
they are inclined to make amends for their actions.
Making amends serves to repair damaged social relations
and restore group harmony.

#2013 수능 31번
Anxiety has a damaging effect on mental performance of
all kinds. It is in one sense a useful response gone awry ―
an overly zealous mental preparation for an anticipated threat.
But such mental rehearsal is disastrous
cognitive static when it becomes trapped in a stale routine
that captures attention, intruding on all other attempts to focus
elsewhere. Anxiety undermines the intellect. In a complex,
intellectually demanding and high-pressure task such as that
of air traffic controllers, for example, having chronically
high anxiety is an almost sure predictor that a person
will eventually fail in training or in the field. The anxious
are more likely to fail even given superior
scores on intelligence tests, as a study of 1,790 students in
training for air traffic control posts discovered. Anxiety
also sabotages academic performance of all kinds: 126
different studies of more than 36,000 people found that the
more prone to anxieties a person is, the
poorer his or her academic performance is.

#2013 수능 49번
On May 29th there was a heavy rain but the sun came
out the next day. Driving back from the village, I stopped
the car because a small woodchuck was traveling
along the road, its belly almost flat to the gravel. I got
out, took off my sweater, threw it over the woodchuck and
wrapped him in it, then put him on the floor of the car
while I drove home. I guessed the rain had washed out his
burrow. If I hadn’t come along (a) he would have eventually
died of starvation. Rescuing him, I felt as large as Fate.
At home I put him in the bathtub and my husband
found a large carton. (c) He put cat litter in the bottom
and straw on top of that. When I put the chuck in, he
gratefully burrowed into the straw. I made a mixture of
milk and baby cereal for him. When I gave it to the
chuck, he ate it greedily. (d) He accepted me quickly. If
I put my hand in the carton, he nibbled my fingers. It
became clear that I was imprinting the woodchuck and
vice versa.
Very shortly the carton seemed too small. I offered
him a nest made of a covered box, bedded with straw
and with a round doorway cut in the front. He knew
instantly that a hole spells home, and (b) he dashed
inside. Every time I came to feed him, he jumped into
my lap as eagerly as ever. As the months passed, the
chuck grew bigger and bigger. My husband remarked
that if I didn’t do something soon, I would be chased
around for the rest of my days by a 15-pound
woodchuck begging for milk.
I decided to put him in a new burrow. I found a hole
along the wall of our orchard, put the chuck near it and
left him. I continued to visit him with his milk. Each
time (e) he greeted me joyfully, drank greedily, and tried
persistently to follow me back into the house. The
parting came unexpectedly. I went away on a brief trip.
When I came back, I saw no sign of him. In the spring
when I see a large, handsome woodchuck playing on
the grass, I will hope that it is he.

#2012 수능(지문 21, 32번 미해결)

#2012 수능 19번
One day in February 2009, Stephanie called Betty,
her best friend, who was the only employee of her
business Best Wedding. Once again, they discussed the
company’s expenses and dwindling revenue. But this time,
Stephanie knew what she had to do. She gathered up her
courage and told her friend and colleague: “I have to
make this work. I have to let you go.” Betty was hurt
but wasn’t particularly surprised. In a businesslike fashion,
the two women began figuring out how to disengage.
Betty said she wanted to start her own event-planning
business, and Stephanie agreed to let her keep her
existing clients, some photography, and documents and
forms they had developed together. She also gave Betty
two months’ salary as severance pay.

#2012 수능 20번
On January 10, 1992, a ship traveling
through rough seas lost 12 cargo containers, one of
which held 28,800 floating bath toys. Brightly colored
ducks, frogs, and turtles were set adrift in the middle of
the Pacific Ocean. After seven months, the first toys
made landfall on beaches near Sitka, Alaska, 3,540
kilometers from where they were lost. Other
toys floated north and west along the Alaskan coast and
across the Bering Sea. Some toy animals stayed at sea
even longer. They floated completely along the
North Pacific currents, ending up back in Sitka.

#2012 수능 21번(정답 1번 미해결)
Researchers studied two mobile phone companies trying
to solve a technological problem. One company developed
what it called a ‘technology shelf,’ created by a small group
of engineers, on which ① was placed possible technical
solutions that other teams might use in the future. It also
created an open-ended conversation among its engineers
in which salespeople and designers were often included.
The boundaries among business units were deliberately
ambiguous because more than technical information was
needed to get a feeling for the problem. However, the
other company proceeded with more seeming clarity and
discipline, dividing the problem into its parts. Different
departments protected their territory. Individuals and teams,
competing with each other, stopped sharing information.
The two companies did eventually solve the technological
problem, but the latter company had more difficulty than
the former.

#2012 수능 32번(정답 4번 미해결)
Until the 1920’s, there were only three competitive
swimming strokes ─ freestyle, backstroke, and breaststroke ─
and each had specific rules that described how it was to
be performed. The rules of breaststroke stated that
both arms must be pulled together underwater and then
recovered simultaneously back to the start of the pulling
position to begin the next stroke. Most people interpreted
this arm recovery to mean an underwater recovery. In
the 1920’s, however, someone challenged the rules and
reinterpreted this arm recovery to be an out-of-the-water
recovery. Since this new breaststroke was about 15%
④ slower, people using the conventional version couldn’t
effectively compete. Something had to be done to solve
the problem. Finally, this new stroke ─ now known as
the ‘butterfly’ ─ won recognition as the fourth swimming
stroke, and became an Olympic event in 1956.

#2012 수능 33번
Even those of us who claim not to be materialistic
can’t help but form attachments to certain clothes. Like
fragments from old songs, clothes can evoke
both cherished and painful memories. A worn-thin dress
may hang in the back of a closet even though it hasn’t
been worn in years because the faint scent of pine that
lingers on it is all that remains of someone’s sixteenth
summer. An impractical white scarf might
be pulled out of a donation bag at the last minute because
of the promise of elegance it once held for its owner.
And a ripped T-shirt might be rescued
from the dust rag bin long after the name of the rock
band once written across it has faded. Clothes document
personal history for us the same way that fossils chart
time for archaeologists.

#2012 수능 47번
When I was a freshman in high school, I won second
prize in our local newspaper’s essay contest on the theme
of ‘future career.’ I wrote about wanting to become a
journalist. We had to collect our prizes at the local variety
store and, while waiting in line, a little notebook in the
stationery department caught my eye. It was a black
and red hardcover book with the word ‘Record’ neatly
engraved in gold on the cover. I reasoned that since I
was going to be a journalist, I’d need a very special
notebook in which to write. So I bought it.
But I put the notebook away and promptly forgot about
it and about becoming a journalist. Painting became
my great love. Upon graduating from high school, I went
to college as a fine art major and English minor. After
becoming a professional artist, marriage followed, then
the birth of two daughters. A career change came next
which led to teaching underprivileged young children in
Los Angeles. The years passed.
Then during a serious illness when I was thirty-five, I
found the little notebook I had purchased twenty years
earlier. From my sick bed I noticed it on a nearby
shelf. It was still blank but something told me to write
my deepest feelings and thoughts, my pain and fear, my
wishes and dreams, the words of my inner world. This
was my first ‘official’ journal. And the process of
journal-keeping through writing and drawing helped heal
me from a mysterious illness which had defied the
doctors and their medicines.
My life changed so much after that. I began listening
to my own feelings and inner wisdom. The insights I
gained through journal-keeping led me into a new career
as an art therapist and teacher of diary writing and drawing.
More importantly, I learned to play and enjoy life again.
For instance, several years after recovering from my
illness, I started skateboarding for the first time in my
life and loved it. I’m grateful to that high school girl
that I was for having the sense to buy a little blank
book. I used it to save my life and to help others.

#2011 수능(지문 20, 32번 미해결)

#2011 수능 19번
Kate and Joan, who had not seen each other for three
months, were chatting happily in Joan’s apartment. After
a short conversation, Joan went to prepare coffee. Soon
she came back with the cups and saucers and put them
down on a small side table. While Joan was looking for
a tablecloth, Kate was wandering around the room looking
at the pictures on the walls. Intent on one of the pictures,
she took a step back and hit the small table, tipping it
over. All the cups and saucers were broken. Kate felt
guilty for her negligence. As she helped Joan clean up,
she tried to think of a way to compensate her for the
damage. Later, Joan mentioned that she was looking for
volunteers to work in a fair she was organizing. Although
Kate had something important to do on that particular
Sunday, she decided to cancel her plans and volunteer
to help Joan.

#2011 수능 20번(정답 4번 미해결)
The word ‘courage’ takes on added meaning if you keep in
mind that it is derived from the Latin word ‘cor’ meaning
‘heart.’ The dictionary defines courage as a ‘quality which
enables one to pursue a right course of action, through
which one may provoke disapproval, hostility, or contempt.’
Over 300 years ago La Rochefoucauld went a step further
when he said: “Perfect courage is to do unwitnessed what
we should be capable of doing before all men.” It is not
easy to show moral courage in the face of either
indifference or opposition. But persons who are daring in
taking a wholehearted stand for truth often ④ achieving
results that surpass their expectations. On the other hand,
halfhearted individuals are seldom distinguished for courage
even when it involves their own welfare. To be courageous
under all circumstances requires strong determination.

#2011 수능 21번
We anticipate the future as if we found it too slow in
coming and we were trying to hurry it up. So
imprudent are we that we wander about in times that
are not ours and do not think of the one that belongs
to us. We try to support the present with the future
and think of arranging things we cannot
control, for a time we have no certainty of reaching.
Examine your thoughts, and you will find them wholly
occupied with the past or the future. We
almost never think of the present, and if we do so, it is
only to shed light on our plans for the future. The past
and the present are our means; only the future is our end.

#2011 수능 31번
Contrary to what we usually believe, the best moments in
our lives are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times ―
although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have
worked hard to attain them. The best moments
usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to
its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something
difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience
is thus something that we make happen. For a child, it could
be placing with trembling fingers the last block on a tower she
has built, higher than any she has built so far; for a sprinter,
it could be trying to beat his own record; for a violinist,
mastering an intricate musical passage.
For each person there are thousands of opportunities, challenges
to expand ourselves.

#2011 수능 32번(정답 5번 미해결)
Many people take numerous photos while traveling or on
vacation or during significant life celebrations to preserve
the experience for the future. But the role of photographer
may actually detract from their delight in the present
moment. I know a father who devoted himself earnestly to
photographing the birth of his first and only child. The
photos were beautiful but, he lamented afterward he felt
that he had missed out on the most important first moment
of his son’s life. Looking through the camera lens made him
detached from the scene. He was just an observer, not an
experiencer. Teach yourself to use your camera in a way
that ⑤ neglects your ongoing experiences, by truly looking
at things and noticing what is beautiful and meaningful.

#2011 수능 44번
After several futile attempts to teach the role of theme,
or the prominent repeated melody, in classical music, the
teacher was at wit’s end. Having reminded her students
many times that composers like Wagner depended on the
listeners’ remembering the earlier theme to recognize its
later use, she was determined to make her students
understand that themes recur throughout a piece.
She knew that her class had little trouble with simple
variations and could easily identify themes that were
repeated in a similar way. But when the theme showed
much variation, the students’ attention focused on the new
detail to such an extent that they no longer ‘heard’ the
basic theme. For a week or two, the teacher worried about
the problem. Other teachers advised her to go on with
something else, but she continued to search for a solution.
With this problem in mind, one afternoon during the
lunch hour, she noticed a group of students gathered in a
corner of the school yard. Several girls were moving their
bodies rhythmically. Curious, she drew closer and found
that the students were listening to a new rock hit. A girl
in the center of the group held a tape recorder in her
hand. At that moment, a sudden inspiration took hold.
The following day in class, she asked how many
students had tape recorders. A dozen or so students said,
“I do.” The teacher said excitedly, “I have an idea. Let’s
play Beethoven’s Eroica again. One of you can record the
theme when it’s first introduced. Then later, someone else
can record it the second time it appears. Finally, we’ll
have another person record when it appears next. Then we
can start all three tape recorders at exactly the same time
to see if the recordings fit!” Her students looked at her
in surprise. Suddenly, however, delight appeared on their
faces. And so it was done. When they played the recordings
simultaneously, the sounds blended sufficiently for the
students to recognize their commonality.

#2010 수능(지문 22, 30번 미해결)

#2010 수능 19번
It was a beautiful Friday afternoon and the weekend was
about to begin, but Rob had a lot on his mind. He had
been putting off doing his chemistry report which was due
on Monday. After borrowing some books from the library,
he went home. Later that evening, he was doing the
assignment when his father came in. “What are you doing,
kid?” he asked. “Biography of Marie Curie,” Rob said
absently as he was typing on his computer. “Really?
I did that for a chemistry assignment when I was in school,”
his father said. “Why don’t you find some information
from the encyclopedia over there?” he added. Rob
grabbed the encyclopedia. He smiled thinking that even
though he was practically born playing computer games,
he was still doing the same assignments his father did
over 20 years ago.

#2010 수능 21번
While awaiting the birth of a new baby, North American
parents typically furnish a room as the infant’s sleeping
quarters. For decades, child-rearing advice from experts has
encouraged the nighttime separation of
baby from parent. For example, a study recommends that
babies be moved into their own room by three months of
age. “By six months a child who regularly
sleeps in her parents’ room is likely to become dependent
on this arrangement,” reports the study. Yet parent-infant
‘co-sleeping’ is the norm for approximately 90 percent of
the world’s population. Cultures as diverse
as the Japanese, the Guatemalan Maya, and the Inuit of
Northwestern Canada practice it.

#2010 수능 22번(정답 3번 미해결)
While manned space missions are more costly than
unmanned ones, they are more successful. Robots and
astronauts use much of the same equipment in space. But
a human is much more capable of operating those
instruments correctly and ③ to place them in appropriate and
useful positions. Rarely is a computer more sensitive and
accurate than a human in managing the same geographical
or environmental factors. Robots are also not equipped with
capabilities like humans to solve problems as they arise,
and they often collect data that are unhelpful or irrelevant.

#2010 수능 30번(정답 5번 미해결)(그림)
Figures A and B demonstrate how dew point is measured
by a dew point hygrometer. In Figure A, light is transmitted
from a laser and reflected off the mirror onto a receiver
that measures the intensity of the observed light. When the
mirror temperature is above dew point and the intensity of
the transmitted light is 10 mW/cm2, the intensity of the
observed light is the same. In Figure B, when the mirror
temperature is at dew point, dew drops cover the surface
of the mirror. When the transmitted light hits the dew drops,
it becomes scattered. As a consequence, compared to the
intensity of the transmitted light, that of the observed light
measured by the receiver is ⑤ increased.

#2010 수능 31번
Responses to survey questions are influenced by events,
and we should consider this when reviewing the results of
a survey. The reputation of an airline, for example, will
be damaged if a survey is conducted just
after a plane crash. A computer company lost its
reputation in company surveys just after major news
coverage about a defect in its products. On the positive
side, surveys by a beverage company about its image
showed very favorable public attitudes just
after its massive investment in the Olympics. Consequently,
surveys should be conducted when the organization is not
in the news or connected to a significant event that
may influence public opinion. In neutral context, a more
valid survey can be conducted about an
organization’s reputation, products, or services.

#2010 수능 32번
War seems to be part of the history of humanity.
Countries, regions, and even villages were economically
independent of one another in the past. Under those
circumstances, the destruction of our enemy might have
been a victory for us. There was a relevance to violence
and war. However, today we are so interdependent that the
concept of war has become outdated. When we face
problems or disagreements today, we have to arrive at
solutions through dialog. We must work to resolve conflicts
in a spirit of reconciliation and always keep in mind the
interests of others. We cannot destroy our neighbors! We
cannot ignore their interests! Doing so would ultimately
cause us to suffer. Therefore, the concept of violence is now
unsuitable, and nonviolence is the appropriate method.

#2009 수능(지문 21, 29번 미해결)

#2009 수능 19번
Flying over rural Kansas in an airplane one fall evening
was a delightful experience for passenger Walt Morris.
He watched the twinkling farmhouse lights below.
Suddenly, the peace of the evening was broken when the
plane’s landing lights started flashing on and off. ‘What’s
happening?’ he wondered as he gripped the armrests.
As the pilot was about to make an announcement, he
thought, ‘This is it. He’s going to tell us we’ve got a
major problem.’ Instead, he told the passengers, “In
case you’re worried about the flashing lights outside the
plane, I’m sending a signal to my kids.” He was
relieved to hear the continued announcement: “They’re at
home over on that hill to the left, and they just sent me
a Morse code message saying, ‘Good night, Dad.’ ”

#2009 수능 21번
Many social scientists have believed for some time
that birth order directly affects both personality
and achievement in adult life. In fact, people have been
using birth order to account for personality factors such
as an aggressive behavior or a passive temperament. One
might say, “Oh, I’m the eldest of three sisters, so I can’t
help that I’m so overbearing,” or “I’m not very successful
in business, because I’m the youngest child and thus less
aggressive than my older brothers and
sisters.” Recent studies, however, have proved this belief
to be false. In other words, birth order may define your
role within a family, but as you mature into adulthood,
accepting other social roles, birth order
becomes insignificant.

#2009 수능 22번(정답 4번 미해결)
You may think that moving a short distance is so easy
that you can do it in no time with little effort. You may
decide to use your own car because you think that you
don’t need the services of a moving company. Well, you
might be wrong. You are under the false impression that
you do not have as many items to pack as you really do.
You find out too late that your car cannot carry as
much as you thought it could. So, it takes you far more
trips to your new home than you thought it would. There is
also the possibility of ④ damage your stuff, some of it
valuable. All these things considered, it might be better
to ask for the services of a moving company.

#2009 수능 28번
The first experiments in television broadcasting began
in France in the 1930s, but the French were slow to
employ the new technology. There were several reasons
for this hesitancy. Radio absorbed the
majority of state resources, and the French government
was reluctant to shoulder the financial burden of developing
national networks for television broadcasting. Television
programming costs were too high, and program output
correspondingly low. Poor distribution
combined with minimal offerings provided little incentive
to purchase the new product. Further, television sets were
priced beyond the means of a general public whose
modest living standards, especially in the 1930s and
1940s, did not allow the acquisition of luxury goods.
Ideological influences also factored in; elites in particular
were skeptical of television, perceiving
it as a messenger of mass culture and Americanization.

#2009 수능 29번(정답 5번 미해결)
A violin creates tension in its strings and gives each
of them an equilibrium shape: a straight line. A tight
violin string can be viewed as composed of many
individual pieces that are connected in a chain as in the
above two figures. When the string is straight, as in
Figure 1, its tension is uniform, and the two outward
forces on a given piece sum to zero; they have equal
magnitudes and point in opposite directions. With no
net forces acting on its pieces, the string is in equilibrium.
But when the string is curved, as in Figure 2, the
outward forces on its pieces no longer sum to zero.
Although the string’s uniform tension still gives those
outward forces equal magnitudes, they now point in
slightly different directions, and each piece experiences a
⑤ zero net force. The net forces on its pieces are
restoring forces, which will cause the string to vibrate
and thus make sounds.

#2008 수능(지문 22, 29번 미해결)

#2008 수능 19번
The first true piece of sports equipment that man
invented was the ball. In ancient Egypt, pitching stones
was children’s favorite game, but a badly thrown rock
could hurt a child. Egyptians were therefore looking for
something less dangerous to throw. And they developed
what were probably the first balls. They were first
made of grass or leaves held together by strings, and later
of pieces of animal skin sewn together and stuffed with
feathers or hay. Even though the Egyptians were warlike,
they found time for peaceful games. Before long they
devised a number of ball games. Perhaps they played
ball more for instruction than for fun. Ball playing was
thought of mainly as a way to teach young men the speed
and skill they would need for war.

#2008 수능 21번
The first thing I notice upon entering this garden is that
the ankle-high grass is greener than that on the
other side of the fence. Dozens of wildflowers of countless
varieties cover the ground to both sides of the
path. Creeping plants cover the polished silver gate and the
sound of bubbling water comes from somewhere. The
perfume of wildf lowers fills the air as the grass
dances upon a gentle breeze. A large basket of herbs rests
against the fence to the west. Every time I walk in this
garden, I think, “Now I know what it is like to live in
paradise.”

#2008 수능 22번(정답 5번 미해결)
In general, one’s memories of any period necessarily
weaken as one moves away from it. One is constantly
learning new facts, and old ones have to drop out to
make way for them. At twenty, I could have written
the history of my school days with an accuracy which
would be quite impossible now. But it can also happen
that one’s memories grow much sharper even after a
long passage of time. This is because one is looking
at the past with fresh eyes and can isolate and, as it
were, notice facts which previously existed undifferentiated
among a mass of others. There are things ⑤ what in a
sense I remembered, but which did not strike me as
strange or interesting until quite recently.

#2008 수능 28번
There are few people who do not react to music to
some degree. The power of music is diverse and
people respond in different ways. To some it is mainly
an instinctive, exciting sound to which they
dance or move their bodies. Other people listen for its
message, or take an intellectual approach to its form and
construction, appreciating its formal patterns
or originality. Above all, however, there can be hardly
anyone who is not moved by some kind of music. Music
covers the whole range of emotions: It can
make us feel happy or sad, helpless or energetic, and
some music is capable of overtaking the mind until it
forgets all else. It works on the subconscious, creating or
enhancing mood and unlocking deep memories.

#2008 수능 29번(정답 4번 미해결)
Object identification rarely occurs in isolation. Face
perception seems to work the same way. Notice that
when seen as part of a face presented in Figure A,
any bump or line will be sufficient to depict a feature.
However, the result may be different when the features
are separated from the context as shown in Figure B.
The features in Figure B are basically identical with
those in Figure A, but, out of context, they are less
identifiable. As in Figure C, we actually require a more
④ simplified presentation than in Figure B, to identify
facial features unambiguously when presented in isolation.
Thus, our understanding of context compensates for
lack of detail in the feature identification process.

#2008 수능 48번
“There is a good reason to make this trip to the
Island of Paradise,” Captain Koppe told himself as he
stepped out of the elevator car into the covered rooftop
hangar of his house. The journey itself would be of use.
There were times when it was important to be alone, to
have time to think. Alone even from one’s personal
robot, from one’s trusted wife.
Captain Koppe sensed that this was one of those
times when he had to be alone if for no other reason
than to remind himself that he would have to make his
decision alone. And he would have the duration of the
flight all to himself. The thought appealed to him as he
powered up the aircar and it lifted a half-meter or so
off the deck of the hangar.
The outer doors opened, and the aircar slowly
eased out into the driving rain. Suddenly, it was in
the middle of the storm, jumping and swinging in the
darkness, the rain crashing down on the windows with
incredible violence. The storm boomed and roared outside
the long-range aircar as it fought for altitude, the
banging and clattering getting worse with every moment.
Smooth sailing after the storm, the aircar arrived
at the orbit of the Island of Paradise. Captain Koppe
looked out at the Island through the window. He had
been longing for it since his childhood. At that
moment, his family picture posted on the inside of the
aircar came into his eyes. All of a sudden, he had an
irresistible urge to go to see his beloved wife and his
two sons. He turned his back on the Island of Paradise
and directed it toward the homeland.

#2007 수능(지문 23, 31번 미해결)

#2007 수능 19번
Not only does the ‘leaf fish’ look like a leaf, but it
also imitates the movement of a drifting leaf underwater.
Its hunting technique is not to swiftly pursue its victim, but
to wait for it. Hanging at an angle in the water, the leaf
fish is carried along by the currents until it comes near
a smaller fish. Then, it seizes the unsuspecting prey with
a lightning-fast snap of the jaws, and swallows the prey
down head first. At close range the rapid opening of the
leaf fish’s large jaws enables it to suck in the unfortunate
individual very easily.

#2007 수능 22번
I was five years old when my father introduced me to
motor sports. Dad thought it was a normal
family outing to go to a car racing event. It was his way
of spending some quality time with his wife and kids.
Little did he know that he was fueling his son
with a passion that would last for a lifetime. I still
remember the awesome feeling I had on that day in May
when my little feet carried me up the
stairs into the grandstands at the car racing stadium.

#2007 수능 23번(정답 3번 미해결)
To be a mathematician you don’t need an expensive
laboratory. The typical equipment of a mathematician is
a blackboard and chalk. It is better to do mathematics on
a blackboard than on a piece of paper because chalk is
easier to erase, and mathematical research is often filled
with mistakes. One more thing you need to do is to join a
club ③ devotes to mathematics. Not many mathematicians
can work alone; they need to talk about what they are
doing. If you want to be a mathematician, you had better
expose your new ideas to the criticism of others. It is
so easy to include hidden assumptions that you do not
see but that are obvious to others.

#2007 수능 30번
Although most people recognize it as a jewel, the diamond
most directly affects our daily lives as a tool. Industrial
diamonds are so important that a shortage
would cause a breakdown in the metal-working industry
and would destroy mass production. Industrial diamonds
are crushed and powdered, and then used in many grinding
and polishing operations. Their use ranges
from the drill in a dentist’s office to saws for cutting rocks,
and to glass cutters. The great hardness of a
diamond makes it one of the most important industrial
materials known.

#2007 수능 31번(정답 2번 미해결)
The Nambawi is one of the oldest traditional winter hats
in Korea. At first, only men and women of the upper
classes wore it. Later, it was worn by the commoners, and
still later only by women. The hat protects the head and
forehead from freezing winds and has a round opening
at the top. There is a long back flap for the back of the
neck, and ear flaps on both sides ② reveal the ears. Silk
sashes are attached to the ear flaps. The sashes are
tied under the chin to hold the hat tightly in place. The
bottom of the Nambawi is bordered with fur, and the hat
is decorated with flower and bird patterns.

#2007 수능 47번
Margo was on holiday with friends, three miles off
the Kenyan coast in the Indian Ocean, in a fishing boat.
Suddenly the engine died, and for mysterious reasons,
the boat began to sink. Before they knew what was
happening, Margo, her three friends, and the African
boatman were in the sea. They all had life jackets, but
it was a long way to shore. Around them were lots of
wooden barrels and boards. At that moment, one of
the three friends said, “I don’t know how to swim.”
Margo took charge. She shouted out orders. She told
each person to take a wooden board, use it as a float,
and begin kicking slowly toward shore. She ordered
the non-swimmer to share a piece of board with her.
“Kick softly,” she told him, “Don’t stir up the water
more than you have to.” With Margo’s firm presence
next to him, the non-swimmer avoided panic. When
every now and then his kicking became awkward and
noisy, Margo ordered him to stop. Slowly and
quietly, the five moved toward the distant shore.
They all reached the beach two hours later, exhausted
but safe. At that time, the non-swimmer thanked Margo
for saving his life, and he asked why she had been so
insistent about going slowly and quietly. “Because,” she
said to him, “for one thing, I knew it was a long way and
we had to conserve our energy. For another, that ocean is
full of sharks and I didn’t care to attract their attention.
But if I’d told you that, you might have panicked and
none of us would have made it.”

#2006 수능(스캔)

#2005 수능(지문 22번 미해결)

#2005 수능 20번
Situated at an elevation of 1,350m, the
city of Kathmandu, which looks out on the sparkling
Himalayas, enjoys a warm climate year-round that makes
living here pleasant. Kathmandu sits almost in
the middle of a basin, forming a square about 5km
north-south and 5km east-west. It was the site of the
ancient kingdom of Nepal. It is now the capital of Nepal
and, as such, the center of its government,
economy, and culture.

#2005 수능 21번
Possibly the most effective way to focus on your goals
is to write them down. Although
this may sound like an obvious f irst step, it is a step
that many people ignore. As a result, their goals
of ten remain unfocused, and therefore unrealized. Go
to a fairly quiet place where you are not likely to
be disturbed . Make a list of every goal you
have. Include goals about finances, relationships, and your
career. Be as specific as possible.

#2005 수능 22번(정답 1번 미해결)
Falling in love is ① alike being wrapped in a magical
cloud. The air feels fresher, the f lowers smell sweeter,
food tastes more delicious, and the stars shine more
brilliantly in the night sky. You feel light and happy
as though you are sailing through life. Your problems
and challenges suddenly seem insignificant . Your body
feels alive, and you jump out of bed each morning
with a smile on your face . You are in a state of
supreme delight.

#2005 수능 23번
Like all other industries, the rose business must
adapt to changing conditions in the marketplace.
In the past, a florist shop was most likely a local,
independently owned business that bought roses from a
wholesaler who purchased them from a farmer. On special
days like Valentine s Day, the cost of a dozen roses rose
twofold or more as a result of high demand.
Today, suppliers of roses include large supermarket chains,
wholesalers who sell directly at many locations, and direct
telephone marketers. The romance of roses has been
replaced by economic realities.

#2005 수능 24번
I have been asked to assist in creating a
committee to improve the Sunshine Charity. We are trying
to form a strong committee, and I have been asked to
request you to join it. I know you will be interested in
the objective of our committee. We all
know how invaluable your advice and help will be. The
first meeting will be held here at 11 a.m. next Thursday. I
hope you will be able to come, and that you will agree to
sit on the committee.

#2005 수능 46번
The claim that we have recently entered the
information age is misleading. Flooded by cellphones,
the Internet, and television, we incorrectly imagine that
our ancestors inhabited an innocent world where the
news did not travel far beyond the village . It may
not be valid to assume that the media make our time
distinct from the past, because we know relatively little
about how information was shared in the past.
In fact, the Olympics celebrate the memory of
the Greek soldier who brought the news of the
Athenian victory over the Persians. Most of us could
come up with many other examples — message drums,
smoke signals, church bells, ship flags. But their
primitiveness would only confirm our sense that we live
in a fundamentally different world, one of constant,
instant access to information.
All ages have had a means of sharing information .
What makes our time distinct is not the density of the
data we take in. It is the technology that does the
transmitting. Thanks to satellites, we can find out
instantly about events that occur on the other side of the
world. It usually took five weeks for Benj amin Franklin
in Paris to receive a letter sent from Philadelphia. But
the news was still new and surprising to people there.

#2004 수능(지문 29번 미해결)

#2004 수능 20번
a group of similar things that one has deliberately
acquired, usually over a period of time : Robert's collection
of prints and p aintings has been bought over the y ears.
the act of asking for money from people to give to
charity : We need to take up a collection for the homeless.
stories, poems, or articles in one book : Two years ago
he p ublished a collection of short stories about children.

#2004 수능 29번(정답 3번 미해결)
Recently, a severe disease hit Asian nations hard,
causing several hundred deaths. Many people who
live in this part of the world are likely to be worried
again with the beginning of the cold weather . In spite of
③ their close location to these countries, however, Korea
has remained free of the deadly disease. Many people
think the secret is kimchi, a traditional Korean dish
served with almost every meal.

#2004 수능 30번
Mom was an extraordinarily clean person. After
feeding my brother and me breakfast, she would scrub,
mop, and dust everything. As we grew
older, Mom made sure we did our part by keeping our
rooms neat. Outside, she would tend
a small flower garden, which was the envy of the
neighborhood. With Mom, everything she touched
turned to gold. She didn t believe in
doing anything halfway. She often told us that we
always had to do our best in whatever we did.

#2004 수능 42번
Vicky, who is wearing a heavy winter coat, is
practicing on her high school stage for tomorrow s
presentation of a play. The event is presented as part
of a school program that celebrates the end of the
school year and shows what the students have learned.
Sumi, one of Vicky s close friends, has dropped by to
say hello. Hi, Vicky. It s really cold in here. How s it
going with your play? So far, so good, Vicky
replies, but I may be getting cold feet. I m really
nervous about tomorrow. Sumi adds with a worried
look, Tomorrow will be much colder, so be sure to
wear heavy socks.

#2004 수능 50번
Our parents cast long shadows over our lives, and
we become aware of their existence when we are
infants. Parents first teach us essential ways of living
by cautioning, Don t touch or It s not nice to do
that. We may think that we learn these lessons
through independent efforts, but it s not the way
we obtain them at all . It is our parents who have
given us our sense of right and wrong, our
understanding of love, and our knowledge of who we
are.
As we grow up, we see them less and less. We
leave their homes, and we start new families of our
own. So sometimes we think that we can walk in the
sun, free of the shadows. But still the shadows have
not gone. We carry their being with us all our
lives in the sounds of our voices, the look and feel
of our skin, and the warmth of our hands and our
hearts.
It is only when they are gone and we never see
them that we find that they and we are indivisible.
In fact, we have not been able to separate ourselves
from them our whole lives long. The shadows
are still there, but they have never really blocked the
light at all.

#6월

#2020 6월(지문 29, 30, 42번 미해결)

#2020 6월 29번(정답 5번 미해결)
An interesting aspect of human psychology is that we tend to
like things more and find them more appealing if everything
about those things is not obvious the first time we experience
them. This is certainly true in music. For example, we might
hear a song on the radio for the first time that catches our interest
and decide we like it. Then the next time we hear it, we hear
a lyric we didn’t catch the first time, or we might notice what
the piano or drums are doing in the background. A special
harmony emerges that we missed before. We hear more and
more and understand more and more with each listening.
Sometimes, the longer ⑤ that takes for a work of art to reveal
all of its subtleties to us, the more fond of that thing ― whether
it’s music, art, dance, or architecture ― we become.

#2020 6월 30번(정답 2번 미해결)
Sometimes the awareness that one is distrusted can provide
the necessary incentive for self-reflection. An employee who
realizes she isn’t being trusted by her co-workers with
shared responsibilities at work might, upon reflection, identify
areas where she has consistently let others down or failed to
follow through on previous commitments. Others’ distrust of
her might then ② forbid her to perform her share of the duties
in a way that makes her more worthy of their trust. But distrust
of one who is sincere in her efforts to be a trustworthy and
dependable person can be disorienting and might cause her to
doubt her own perceptions and to distrust herself. Consider,
for instance, a teenager whose parents are suspicious and
distrustful when she goes out at night; even if she has been
forthright about her plans and is not breaking any
agreed-upon rules, her identity as a respectable moral subject
is undermined by a pervasive parental attitude that expects
deceit and betrayal.

#2020 6월 42번(정답 5번 (e) 미해결)
Aristotle did not think that all human beings should be
allowed to engage in political activity: in his system, women,
slaves, and foreigners were explicitly excluded from the
right to rule themselves and others. Nevertheless, his basic
idea that politics is a unique collective activity that is directed
at certain common goals and ends still resonates today.
But which ends? Many thinkers and political figures since
the ancient world have developed different ideas about the
goals that politics can or should achieve. This approach is
known as political moralism.
For moralists, political life is a branch of ethics ― or moral
philosophy ― so it is unsurprising that there are many
philosophers in the group of moralistic political thinkers.
Political moralists argue that politics should be directed toward
achieving substantial goals, or that political arrangements
should be organized to protect certain things. Among these
things are political values such as justice, equality, liberty,
happiness, fraternity, or national self-determination. At its
most radical, moralism produces descriptions of ideal political
societies known as Utopias, named after English statesman
and philosopher Thomas More’s book Utopia, published in
1516, which imagined an ideal nation. Utopian political
thinking dates back to the ancient Greek philosopher Plato’s
book the Republic, but it is still used by modern thinkers such
as Robert Nozick to explore ideas. Some theorists consider
Utopian political thinking to be a (e) promising undertaking,
since it has led in the past to justifications of totalitarian
violence. However, at its best, Utopian thinking is part of a
process of striving toward a better society, and many thinkers
use it to suggest values to be pursued or protected.

#2020 6월 44번
When Master Brooks played a Mozart piece on the violin
for his class to learn, the room was filled with waves of
beautiful, soul-stirring sound. The class tried to emulate the
music played by this renowned guest musician. Among the
students in the class, Joe Brooks was by far the best. In fact,
Joe was the master’s son. His father had placed a baby violin
in his hands at the age of four, and Joe was a natural talent.
Now, just twelve years later, he was already on his way to
becoming a virtuoso like his father.
After the class, Joe was alone with his father. He had
something important to talk about. Joe took a deep breath and
said, “I have been asked to play in a concert, and I would like
your permission first. It is a crossover concert.” Master
Brooks looked surprised. Indeed, the master’s dislike of
crossover music was no secret. “Father,” Joe took a deep
breath and continued, “I respect your views, but it is not what
you think. Why don’t you come and listen to our practice
tomorrow? If you don’t like it, I will cancel.”
“Well, did you get permission?” asked Brian as soon as Joe
entered the practice room the following day. “Um, I’m not
sure,” answered Joe without confidence. “You can tell us
about it after practice,” Brian said as he placed his fingers on
the keyboard. Beside him, Nick was tuning his guitar. Joe
thought that he would play just one last time before telling
them that he might pull out of the concert. The trio swung
into their routine, as easily as only a group that had practiced
long and hard together could.
When they finished practicing, Joe noticed his father
standing in the corner. “Wow, that was quite wonderful,” he
said with admiration. Master Brooks came toward his son. “I
love the way you created those unique sounds while keeping
the spirit of the violin. I underestimated the power that
crossover music can create,” said Master Brooks to him.
Joe and his father returned home, both humming the melody
that the band had been practicing.

#2019 6월(지문 28, 42번 미해결)

#2019 6월 28번(정답 4번 미해결)
Humans are so averse to feeling that they’re being cheated
that they often respond in ways that seemingly make little
sense. Behavioral economists ― the economists who actually
study what people do as opposed to the kind who simply
assume the human mind works like a calculator ― have
shown again and again that people reject unfair offers even if
it costs them money to do so. The typical experiment uses a
task called the ultimatum game. It’s pretty straightforward.
One person in a pair is given some money ― say $10. She
then has the opportunity to offer some amount of it to her
partner. The partner only has two options. He can take what’s
offered or ④ refused to take anything. There’s no room for
negotiation; that’s why it’s called the ultimatum game. What
typically happens? Many people offer an equal split to the
partner, leaving both individuals happy and willing to trust
each other in the future.

#2019 6월 29번
Here’s an interesting thought. If glaciers started re-forming,
they have a great deal more water now to draw on ― Hudson
Bay, the Great Lakes, the hundreds of thousands of lakes of
Canada, none of which existed to fuel the last ice sheet ― so
they would grow very much quicker. And if they did start to
advance again, what exactly would we do? Blast them with
TNT or maybe nuclear missiles? Well, doubtless we would,
but consider this. In 1964, the largest earthquake ever recorded
in North America rocked Alaska with 200,000 megatons of
concentrated might, the equivalent of 2,000 nuclear bombs.
Almost 3,000 miles away in Texas, water sloshed out of
swimming pools. A street in Anchorage fell twenty feet. The
quake devastated 24,000 square miles of wilderness, much of
it glaciated. And what effect did all this might have on
Alaska’s glaciers? None.

#2019 6월 30번
John was once in the office of a manager, Michael, when the
phone rang. Immediately, Michael bellowed, “That disgusting
phone never stops ringing.” He then proceeded to pick it up
and engage in a fifteen-minute conversation while John
waited. When he finally hung up, he looked exhausted and
frustrated. He apologized as the phone rang once again. He
later confessed that he was having a great deal of trouble
completing his tasks because of the volume of calls he was
responding to. At some point John asked him, “Have you ever
considered having a certain period of time when you
simply don’t answer the phone?” Michael said, “As a matter of
fact, no,” looking at him with a puzzled look. It turned out
that this simple suggestion helped Michael not only to relax,
but to get more work done as well. Like many people, he
didn’t need hours of uninterrupted time, but he did need some!

#2019 6월 42번(정답 4번 (d) 미해결)
By the turn of the twentieth century, the permanent repertoire
of musical classics dominated almost every field of concert
music, from piano, song, or chamber music recitals to operas
and orchestral concerts. The change from a century before
was enormous. In the eighteenth century, performers and
listeners demanded new music all the time, and “ancient music”
included anything written more than twenty years earlier. But
musicians and audiences in the early 1900s expected that
most concert music they performed or heard would be at least
a generation old, and they judged new music by the standards
of the classics already enshrined in the repertoire. In essence,
concert halls and opera houses had become museums for
displaying the musical artworks of the past two hundred years.
The repertoire varied according to the performing medium
and from region to region, but the core was largely the same
throughout most of Europe and the Americas, including operas
and operatic excerpts from Mozart through Verdi, Wagner, and
Bizet; orchestral and chamber music from Haydn through the
late Romantics; and keyboard music by J. S. Bach, Haydn,
Mozart, Beethoven, and prominent nineteenth-century composers.
Living composers increasingly found themselves in competition
with the music of the past. This is the great theme of modern
music in the classical tradition, especially in the first half of the
century: in competing with past composers for the attention of
performers and listeners who (d) disregarded the classical
masterworks, living composers sought to secure a place for
themselves by offering something new and distinctive while
continuing the tradition. They combined individuality and
innovation with emulation of the past, seeking to write music
that would be considered original and worthy of performance
alongside the masterworks of earlier times.

#2019 6월 44번
Princess, a solid Boxer, had been given to Rita when she
was ten weeks old, and Rita immediately bonded with (a) her,
petting her, feeding her, teaching her basic commands, and
letting her sleep on Rita’s bed. The two were always together
and within arm’s reach. The only time they were apart was
when Rita was learning to swim. Princess had a fear of water
that was so extreme that she couldn’t even touch the water.
Princess’ fears stemmed from her puppyhood when (c) she
almost drowned twice. These early traumas made water the
only thing that Princess truly feared. When (d) she came
close to a body of water, she would try to pull back and
seemed emotionally distressed. Would she ever be able to
overcome this fear? She had a chance one late afternoon
when Rita’s mother took them to a shopping mall.
It was located along the edge of a lake and featured a
wooden boardwalk which was built along the shore. While
her mother headed to a store, Rita and Princess began to play
on the boardwalk. Suddenly, a boy riding a bicycle slipped on
the damp wooden surface, hitting Rita at an angle, which
propelled her through an open section of the guard rail. (e) She
let out a scream of pain and fear as she fell into the water. She
then continued to cry for help and struggle to get out.
Upon hearing Rita’s cry, her mother rushed to the railing,
shouting for help, from the entrance of the store a hundred
feet or so away. Princess was looking at the water and trembling
in fear. (b) She stood there staring at the water ― the one
thing that had nearly taken her life. Her love for Rita
overpowered her fear and she leapt out through the same
open space in the railing and plunged into the water. Once in
the water, Princess quickly found Rita and slowly dragged
her to the shore to her grateful mother.

#2018 6월(지문 28번 미해결)

#2018 6월 28번(정답 3번 미해결)
Though most bees fill their days visiting flowers and
collecting pollen, some bees take advantage of the hard
work of others. These thieving bees sneak into the nest of an
unsuspecting “normal” bee (known as the host), lay an egg
near the pollen mass being gathered by the host bee for her
own offspring, and then sneak back out. When the egg of the
thief hatches, it kills the host’s offspring and then eats the
pollen meant for its victim. Sometimes called brood
parasites, these bees are also referred to as cuckoo bees,
because they are similar to cuckoo birds, which lay an egg in
the nest of another bird and ③ leaves it for that bird to raise.
They are more technically called cleptoparasites. Clepto
means “thief” in Greek, and the term cleptoparasite refers
specifically to an organism that lives off another by
stealing its food. In this case the cleptoparasite feeds on the
host’s hard-earned pollen stores.

#2018 6월 29번
Some coaches erroneously believe that mental skills
training (MST) can only help perfect the performance of
highly skilled competitors. As a result, they shy away from
MST, rationalizing that because they are not
coaching elite athletes, mental skills training is less important.
It is true that mental skills become increasingly important at
high levels of competition. As athletes move up the competitive
ladder, they become more homogeneous in terms of physical
skills. In fact, at high levels of competition, all athletes have
the physical skills to be successful. Consequently, any small
difference in mental factors can play a huge
role in determining performance outcomes. However, we can
anticipate that personal growth and performance will progress
faster in young, developing athletes who are given mental
skills training than in athletes not exposed to MST. In fact, the
optimal time for introducing MST may be when athletes are
first beginning their sport. Introducing MST early
in athletes’ careers may lay the foundation that will help them
develop to their full potential.

#2018 6월 30번
Medicine became big business with the expansion of new,
higher-cost treatments and the increased numbers of health
care providers in the United States. As more health care
providers entered the market, competition increased among
them. Interestingly, the increase in competition led health
care providers to recommend more services to the persons
they served. This phenomenon reflects a unique feature in
the health care industry ― provider-induced demand, which
allows health care providers to maintain their income even
as competition increases. Average consumers of health care
do not know how to diagnose their medical conditions and
do not have a license to order services or prescribe
medications. So consumers rely on the knowledge of health
care providers to determine what services are needed, even
though they stand to make more money by ordering more
services.

#2018 6월 44번
Andrew steadied his eyes upon the black and white
squares. He thought awhile before pushing his knight to an
unbeatable position. Now Andrew was sure he had beaten
Timothy Tandon, the winner of the 2016 National Chess
Championship. Andrew, whom nobody had noticed before
the tournament this year, came to progress to the final match.
After enjoying this memorable victory, Andrew headed straight
to the nursing home where his sick grandad was staying.
When Andrew reached the nursing home, Grandad was
sitting up in bed. “You won the semi-final?” he asked,
offering up a weak smile. Andrew nodded his head. Indeed,
Andrew’s grandad was his chess master. As a kid, Andrew
liked to observe Grandad play chess and often predicted his
moves even before he began to move the pieces. “Andrew,”
said Grandad, inspired by his grandson’s superb victory, “you
are now all set to fulfill my dream. Tomorrow you will surely
win the National Chess Championship.”
It was the day of the final match. That morning Andrew had
received a call from the nursing home informing him that
Grandad’s condition had become serious. The news played
upon Andrew’s mind as he started to play. After several
fierce battles, Andrew’s concentration wavered for a moment.
His mind travelled to his grandad, who was in another battle
for his life. It was then that Andrew made a big mistake! The
mistake was a fatal one, and it was all over. He had lost.
Andrew arrived at the nursing home in a gloomy mood, but
he was blessed with good news. His grandad was recovering.
Andrew was greatly delighted, but he could not help being
disappointed in a corner of his mind. “I tried my best to fulfill
your dream but I couldn’t make it,” Andrew said in
disappointment. “That’s all right,” said Grandad. “The real
lesson of chess is learning how to tame your mind. See, my
mind has won the battle over my body. I will recover soon and
see you become champion one day in perfect health.” Andrew
was relieved and smiled with joy.

#2017 6월(지문 28, 30번 미해결)

#2017 6월 28번(정답 4번 미해결)
If an animal is innately programmed for some type of
behaviour, then there are likely to be biological clues. It is
no accident that fish have bodies which are streamlined and
smooth, with fins and a powerful tail. Their bodies are
structurally adapted for moving fast through the water.
Similarly, if you found a dead bird or mosquito, you could
guess by looking at its wings that flying was its normal
mode of transport. However, we must not be over-optimistic.
Biological clues are not essential. The extent to which they are
④ finding varies from animal to animal and from activity to
activity. For example, it is impossible to guess from their
bodies that birds make nests, and, sometimes, animals behave
in a way quite contrary to what might be expected from
their physical form: ghost spiders have tremendously long
legs, yet they weave webs out of very short threads. To a
human observer, their legs seem a great hindrance as they spin
and move about the web.

#2017 6월 29번
In 2001, researchers at Wayne State University asked a
group of college volunteers to exercise for twenty minutes at a
self-selected pace on each of three machines: a
treadmill, a stationary bike, and a stair climber. Measurements
of heart rate, oxygen consumption, and perceived effort were
taken throughout all three workouts. The researchers expected
to find that the subjects unconsciously targeted the same
relative physiological intensity in each activity. Perhaps they
would automatically exercise at 65 percent
of their maximum heart rate regardless of which machine they
were using. Or maybe they would instinctively settle into
rhythm at 70 percent of their maximum rate of oxygen
consumption in all three workouts. But that’s not what
happened. There was, in fact, no consistency
in measurements of heart rate and oxygen consumption across
the three disciplines. Instead, the subjects were found to have
chosen the same level of perceived effort on the treadmill, the
bike, and the stair climber.

#2017 6월 30번(정답 5번 미해결)
In the summer of 1972, the actor Anthony Hopkins was
signed to play a leading role in a film based on George
Feifer’s novel The Girl from Petrovka. That is why he
traveled to London to buy a copy of the book. Unfortunately,
none of the main London bookstores had a copy. Then, on his
way home, waiting for an underground train at Leicester
Square tube station, he saw a discarded book lying on the seat
next to him. It was a copy of The Girl from Petrovka. As if
that was not coincidence enough, more was to follow. Later,
when he had a chance to meet the author, Hopkins told him
about this strange occurrence. Feifer was interested. He said to
him that in November 1971 he had lent a friend a copy of
the book—a unique copy in which he had made notes on
turning the British English into American English for the
publication of an American version—but his friend had lost
the copy in London. A quick check of the copy Hopkins had
found showed that it was the very same copy that ⑤ his friend
had mislaid.

#2017 6월 44번
Richard was watching people on the street through the
window. Skirts were bouncing lightly and pants were
dancing delightedly in the seasonable weather as the spring
breeze chased them playfully. Some seemed excited, walking
like racing cars between passersby. He had ordered two
black coffees, one for himself and one for his friend, Julie.
She was running late, but the service was fast. The hot
coffees were promptly placed in front of him.
Looking at the coffees, Richard remembered that Julie
liked whipped cream on top of her hot coffee. He was
wondering if it was better to put the cream on now, or wait
till she arrived. “Since the cream is cold, it’ll cool down the
coffee faster,” he reasoned. Beep! It was a text message from
her. “I’ll be there in 5 minutes. Please put some cream on my
coffee.” He was startled, because she seemed to know
what he was thinking about. Richard called over a
waiter wearing a blue shirt and asked him for whipped cream.
Handing a spray can of cream over to Richard, the waiter
said, “Add it now if you want.” Richard couldn’t help asking
him why. The blue-shirted man answered, “Actually,
hotter coffee loses energy faster than coffee cooled slightly
by the addition of cream.” “Really? Is that so?” The waiter
kindly smiled and said, “Yeah, I just learned it when I took a
class about coffee.” He also taught his customer how to
make shapes with the cream. Richard paid close attention to
his explanation.
Richard thanked the waiter. Following his instructions,
Richard made a flower with the cream. He tried to be as
precise as he could. No sooner had he completed his
masterpiece, Julie stepped into the cafe. As she sat down, she
saw her coffee. “Wow, look at that! A white flower in the cup!
It looks so beautiful, Richard! It’s too lovely to drink,” his
friend said. “Try it,” the happy man urged her. She tasted
it. “This coffee is absolutely delicious, too!” Talking and
laughing over coffee, they enjoyed the fabulous spring day.

#2016 6월(지문 28번 미해결)

#2016 6월 28번(정답 3번 미해결)
An independent artist is probably the one who lives
closest to an unbounded creative situation. Many artists
have considerable freedom from external requirements
about what to do, how to do it, when to do it, and why.
At the same time, however, we know that artists usually
limit themselves quite forcefully by choice of material
and form of expression. To make the choice to express a
feeling by carving a specific form from a rock, without
the use of high technology or colors, ③ restricting the
artist significantly. Such choices are not made to limit
creativity, but rather to cultivate it. When everything is
possible, creativity has no tension. Creativity is strange in
that it finds its way in any kind of situation, no matter
how restricted, just as the same amount of water flows
faster and stronger through a narrow strait than across
the open sea.

#2016 6월 29번
The desert locust lives in two remarkably different
styles depending on the availability of food sources and
the density of the local locust population. When food is
scarce, as it usually is in their native desert habitat,
locusts are born with coloring designed for camouflage
and lead solitary lives. But when rare periods
of significant rain produce major vegetation growth,
everything changes. At first, the locusts continue to be
loners, just feasting off the abundant
food supply. But as the extra vegetation starts to die
off, the locusts find themselves crowded together.
Suddenly, baby locusts are born with bright colors and a
preference for company. Instead of avoiding one another
and hiding from predators through camouflage and
inactivity, these locusts gather in vast groups, feed
together, and overwhelm their predators
simply through numbers.

#2016 6월 30번
Ellie walked to school in her new shoes. “I like those,”
Megan whispered. “Cool.” Ellie felt happy. She knew
it was hard to get compliments from Megan and couldn’t
hide her smile. The two friends had desks side by side at
the back. “Stop talking, you two,” said Miss Smith.
“Bring your books to me if you’ve finished.” Ellie
followed Megan to the front of the class. She always
let Megan go first. She felt scared when Miss Smith
was upset. Miss Smith noticed her new shoes. “Those
aren’t suitable for school,” she said, her voice cold. Ellie
took a deep breath. “The shop didn’t have black shoes,
Miss Smith,” she said. Her voice came out in a
whisper. “The school uniform requires black or dark blue
shoes,” said Miss Smith. “Report to me in proper shoes,
please. On Monday.” She used her quiet-shout voice
and Ellie shivered.

#2016 6월 44번
In 1887, when the land was up for sale, grandpa
bought two hundred acres from the Granger family. In
1918, he bought another two hundred. It was good
rich land. However, there were bank loans for and taxes on
the land. Unfortunately, there had not been enough money
from the cotton to pay both of them and live on. To
make things worse, the price of cotton dropped in 1930.
That was why papa had gone to work, ending up in
Louisiana in 1931. He set out looking for work, first
going far north and south, and finally west into Louisiana.
It was there he found work laying track for the railroad.
He worked the remainder of the year away from us, not
returning until the deep winter. The following spring after
the planting was finished, he did the same. Now it
was 1933, and papa was again in Louisiana laying track.
When he came back from Louisiana, I asked papa
why he had to go away and why the land was so
important. He took my hand and said in his quiet
way: “Look out there, Cassie. All that belongs to you.
You will never have to live on other people’s land. As
long as the family survives, you will have your own
place. That’s important. You may not understand now,
but one day you will.” I looked at papa strangely, for I
knew that all the land did not belong to me.
Some of it belonged to Stacey, Christopher, and John,
not to mention the part that belonged to big mama and
mama. However, papa never divided the land in his mind;
it was simply the land of our family. For it, he would
work the long, hot summer pounding steel; mama would
teach and run the farm; and big mama, in her sixties,
would work like a woman in her twenties in the cotton
fields and keep the house; but always, the taxes would be
paid. Papa said that one day I would understand.

#2015 6월(지문 27번 미해결)

#2015 6월 27번(정답 2번 미해결)
In the twentieth century, advances in technology, from
refrigeration to sophisticated ovens to air transportation
that carries fresh ingredients around the world, contributed
immeasurably to baking and pastry making. At the beginning
of the twenty-first century, the popularity of fine breads and
pastries ② are growing even faster than new chefs can be
trained. Interestingly enough, many of the technological advances
in bread making have sparked a reaction among bakers and
consumers alike. They are looking to reclaim some of the
flavors of old-fashioned breads that were lost as baking
became more industrialized and baked goods became more
refined, standardized, and ― some would say ― flavorless.
Bakers are researching methods for producing the handmade
sourdough breads of the past, and they are experimenting
with specialty flours in their search for flavor.

#2015 6월 28번
Although children watch television at various times, the
programming that they view alone tends to be specifically
aimed at children. In the United States particularly, most of
the advertising during this segment consists of ads for food,
particularly sugared food. During the run-up to Christmas,
increasing numbers of ads concern toys and
games. Such practices are believed to put pressure on parents
to yield to what the media have dubbed “pester power.”
This has led to calls for legislation to promote
advertising in Europe and the United States. Indeed, the
Swedish government has outlawed television advertising of
products aimed at children under 12, and recently in the
United States, 50 psychologists signed a petition
calling for a ban on the advertising of children’s goods.

#2015 6월 29번
Dave Butcher, director of training for Sea World in
Florida, showed me more than I’d imagined possible. His sea
lions worked for social rewards as well as fish. Consequently,
he did not have to keep his sea lions hungry in order to make
them perform. During and after the day’s performances,
the sea lions could have all the fish they wanted. One result
was that they were not irritable, as any hungry animal
might be. The sea lions were friendly to those humans they
knew and enjoyed being with them. I was surprised to see
trainers on their lunch hour sunbathing in a pile with their
sea lions. Another result of stopping food deprivation was
that these sea lions grew and grew! In fact, they became
bigger than most trained sea lions in the past, which weren’t
given enough food.

#2015 6월 44번
It was my last football game as a college player. I made
the final tackle and we won. As people chanted my
name, I was carried off the field on the shoulders of
my teammates. Although I wasn’t a great student or a
great football player, I ended up not only graduating from
my dream university but becoming a hero of the team.
People keep asking me how I did it. Here is my story.
I was born into a large poor family in Chicago. As a kid,
I had visions of being a hero ― a police officer or an
astronaut. However, people would always tell me, “You
can’t do that. You aren’t smart enough. You aren’t strong
enough.” Moreover, I didn’t do well in school, and I had
no hope of getting into any college. After high school, I
gave up on my dream of going to college and got a
part-time job instead. I felt like I was living in a box labeled
“This is where you belong.”
It was so hard to break out of the box, but I began
to feel an urgent need for a change. I signed up for the
Army and went to the Vietnam War. A lot of people were
worried, but I said, “Well, I’m going to get out of my box
by deciding what to do myself instead of having someone
else tell me what to do.” With that one crucial shift in
thinking, my whole attitude changed. I began to dream of
going to one of the best universities in the country and
playing football.
After I finished my time in the Army, I packed my bags
and went to my dream university. I knocked on the door
of one of the professors’ offices and said, “Please, tell me
how to get in here.” The professor could see that I was
determined. He said, “I can’t let you in the university, but
I will see you whenever you need my advice or help.”
It took me a long time, but I eventually got into that
university, became a football player, and graduated.

#2014-B 6월(지문 27번 미해결)

#2014-B 6월 26번
Zaynab Fawwaz was born into a poor family in South
Lebanon. As a young girl she went to Alexandria with the
Egyptian family for whom she worked. Her mistress was
intrigued by her maid’s native intelligence and introduced
Zaynab to her literate friend, Fatima. She, in turn, taught
her reading, writing and arithmetic. Zaynab quickly learned
what her teacher had to offer and in time went on to study
with Egyptian scholars. Eventually, she became very active
in women’s issues and she wrote some pioneering poetry and
essays focused on women’s rights. The most famous of her
essays was The Zaynab Letters.

#2014-B 6월 27번(정답 2번 미해결)
Given that music appears to enhance physical and
mental skills, are there circumstances where music is
damaging to performance? One domain ② which this is of
considerable significance is music’s potentially damaging
effects on the ability to drive safely. Evidence suggests an
association between loud, fast music and reckless driving, but
how might music’s ability to influence driving in this way
be explained? One possibility is that drivers adjust to
temporal regularities in music, and that their speed is
influenced accordingly. In other words, just as faster music
causes people to eat faster, so it causes people to drive at
faster speeds, as they engage mentally and physically with
ongoing repeated structures in the music.

#2014-B 6월 28번
England’s plan to establish colonies in North America,
starting in the late sixteenth century, was founded on a
false idea. It was generally assumed that Virginia,
the region of the North American continent to which
England laid claim, would have the same climate as the
Mediterranean region of Europe, since it lay at similar
latitudes. As a result, the English hoped that the American
colonies, once established, would be able to supply
Mediterranean goods such as olives and fruit and reduce England’s
dependence on imports from continental Europe.
One prospectus claimed that the colonies would provide “the
wines, fruit and salt of France and Spain ... the silks of Persia
and Italy.” Similarly, abundant timber would do
away with the need to import wood from Scandinavia. In
short, America was mistakenly expected to be a land of plenty
that would quickly turn a profit.

#2014-A 6월(27번 지문 미해결)

#2014-A 6월 27번(정답 5번 미해결)
When you have ideas you like, you often think everyone
else should feel the same way. If they don’t, it very often
becomes a matter of “they just don’t understand!” If a
colleague around you doesn’t understand your idea, or its
potential, you are being given an important message.
Maybe your view of a problem that you think you are
solving is not shared by other coworkers? If your colleague
cannot see it, your consumers may not either. Think about
it. Make constant efforts until everyone you explain your idea
to understands it. This is all to do with ⑤ find simple
solutions to our daily communication problems.

#2014-A 6월 28번
England’s plan to establish colonies in North America,
starting in the late sixteenth century, was founded on a
false idea. It was generally assumed that Virginia,
the region of the North American continent to which
England laid claim, would have the same climate as the
Mediterranean region of Europe, since it lay at similar
latitudes. As a result, the English hoped that the American
colonies, once established, would be able to supply
Mediterranean goods such as olives and fruit and reduce England’s
dependence on imports from continental Europe.
One prospectus claimed that the colonies would provide “the
wines, fruit and salt of France and Spain ... the silks of Persia
and Italy.” Similarly, abundant timber would do
away with the need to import wood from Scandinavia. In
short, America was mistakenly expected to be a land of plenty
that would quickly turn a profit.

#2014-A 6월 44번
Zach was a 14-year-old boy, and he was a good swimmer.
He advanced to the 100 meter freestyle final. Although there
were many competitors, Zach knew that the winner should
be between him and Tony. They were best friends, but
Zach considered him as his biggest competitor. They both
were great swimmers and had won an equal number of races.
To prepare for the race, both Zach and Tony bought a
specially made swimming suit that could minimize resistance
against water and help them swim faster. But they found out
that this type of special suit had not been allowed in previous
races. Both Zach and Tony asked the swimming coach if
they could wear it. He said that he would let them know
before the race.
Nothing was decided during the morning, but shortly
before the race, the coach told Zach that he and Tony
could wear the suit. He asked Zach to tell Tony about it.
After hearing what his coach said, Zach faced a difficult
choice. At first, he hesitated to tell his friend about the
news. He thought that if he did not tell Tony about it, he
would definitely win the race.
On the other hand, Zach’s conscience whispered that a true
victory comes from fair competition. After a long conflict,
he finally decided to be honest. He told Tony about the
suit, and they both joined the race wearing the suits. Tony
won the race, and Zach congratulated him. This was the
sweetest second place Zach had ever won.

#2013 6월(지문 21, 32번 미해결)

#2013 6월 19번
Henri Matisse came late to painting, having trained to be
a lawyer to please his father. While he was in the hospital
recovering from surgery, his mother brought him a box
of paints and a how-to book, and the world lost an attorney
and gained an artist. “It was as if I had been called,” he
remembered. “Henceforth I did not lead my life. It led me.”
Matisse left for Paris to study art, with his father shouting,
“Do you want me to see you starve?” He gained fame
as leader of the Fauves’ 1905 show. In 1917 Matisse began
to spend winters in Vence, where he donated a chapel of
his own design that is one of the most moving religious
buildings in Europe. After local nuns nursed him through
a serious illness in the 1940s, the grateful Matisse devoted
himself to every detail of the chapel.

#2013 6월 20번
Deseada is a small island which belongs to the Lesser
Antilles. This island is said to have obtained its name
from the desire Christopher Columbus felt of seeing land
on his second voyage in 1493. It is twelve miles in length
and six miles in width. The part which looks to the north
is lower than that which looks to the south. The
island abounds greatly in iguanas, and in a species of
birds called fragatas. There is a deep cavern on the
island, containing the bones and arms of the Indians,
who, it is supposed, were buried there. In 1762,
this island was taken by the English, who
restored it the following year to the French by the Peace of
Paris, and since that time it has been in the possession
of the latter.

#2013 6월 21번(정답 5번 미해결)
If you’ve ever gone snorkeling, you may have seen an
amazing sight: an entire school of fish suddenly changes
direction as one unit. The same goes for flocks of birds. So
are they all following the commands of a leader? Researchers
have determined that there is no leader or controlling force.
Rather, the individual fish or bird is reacting almost
instantly to the movements of its neighbors in the school or
flock. Any individual can initiate a movement, such as a
change in direction, and this sends out a “maneuver wave,”
which spreads through the group at an astounding speed.
Because individuals can see, or sense, the wave coming
toward them, they are ready to react more quickly than they
would without such advance notice. ⑤ That appears to us as
simultaneous is actually a kind of “follow your neighbor”
behavior moving faster than the eye can see.

#2013 6월 31번
The growing season in the Arctic region is short as well
as cool, and plants must make the most of what warmth there
is. One adaptation by many arctic plants to
the short growing season is wintergreen, or semi-evergreen,
leaves. They are leaves that develop late in the summer and
survive through winter without drying up and dying. They
remain green and can start photosynthesis as soon as the
weather is warm enough in spring, before there has been time
for the new season’s leaves to expand and start functioning.
They finally wither after the new leaves have
taken over. There are many common arctic plants with
wintergreen leaves. Among them are arctic poppy, thrift,
alpine saxifrage, and several kinds of chickweeds and starworts.
Wintergreen leaves are not limited to the
Arctic; many plants of the northern forests have them, too.

#2013 6월 32번(정답 5번 미해결)
Organic food production is growing by leaps and bounds.
Many consumers are willing to pay premium prices for organic
foods, convinced that they are helping the earth and eating
healthier. Some experts say, however, that organic farming has
some drawbacks. One of the most frequent criticisms is
that the crop yields of organic farms are much lower than
those of traditional farms. That’s because organic fields suffer
more from weeds and insects than conventional fields.
Another argument often offered by experts is that organic
farming can supply food for niche markets of wealthy
consumers but cannot feed billions of hungry people around
the globe. Only the careful use of chemical inputs, not the
costly organic methods, can help ⑤ reduce food production
significantly in the countries facing hunger.

#2013 6월 47번
The first memory I have of visiting a working artist’s
studio is a trip my family took to the studio of Grey
Stone, a potter who made the dinnerware set our whole
family has cherished for many years. When I was about
five years old, our family drove down to his studio
with several miscellaneous pieces of handmade pottery
from the family collection. We wanted Grey to make a
set that would draw together the pieces we had collected
over the years.
Even at that young age, looking around Grey’s house
and studio complex, I thought about how great it was that
he could work at home, withhis family around him,
and produce things with his own hands. After accepting
our request, he immediately started working on one of the
pieces. Taking a prepared lump of clay, he put it on
his treadle wheel. It was so fascinating to see how
ordinary clay could turn into a beautiful pot.
I couldn’t get that process out of my head so I looked
forward to our return trip several months later to pick up
the finished dinnerware. One of my favorite features of
each piece Grey had made was that, upon close
inspection, one could see that the pieces had been
individually inscribed with some marks on the underside,
just inside the trimmed foot. On each of those pieces,
with the large foot area, there was room for the
inscription not only of the potter’s signature, address,
and date, but also a unique saying or phrase.
A favorite family pastime then developed when guests
came over and we got out the “good stoneware.” Before
my father served the food, he would encourage
guests to flip over their plates to read what was on the
underside. Thanks to his influence, this childhood pastime
has since become a habit. Even today, I still flip over
all handmade pottery pieces as soon as I first touch
them to see if there might be an inscription or at least
to look for the potter’s mark.

#2012 6월(지문 21, 33번 미해결)

#2012 6월 19번
Lantin decided on a necklace which had been one of his
wife’s favorites. It must be worth at least seven or eight
francs he thought, because for an imitation piece the
workmanship was very good. He put it in his pocket and went
looking for a reliable-looking jeweler. At length he saw
one and went in, a little ashamed of selling something so
worthless. “Monsieur,” he said to the dealer, “I’d like you to
value this piece for me if you’d be so kind.” The man took
the article, examined it, turned it over, weighed it, and took
up a magnifying glass to look at it more closely. Lantin was a
little embarrassed by all this ceremony and was about to say,
“Look, I’m pretty sure it’s got no value at all,” when the
jeweler announced: “Monsieur, I’d put it at between 12,000
and 15,000 francs. However, I could not purchase this from
you without knowing its exact provenance.”

#2012 6월 20번
When induced to give spoken or written witness to
something they doubt, people will often feel bad about their
deceit. Nevertheless, they begin to believe what they
are saying. When there is no compelling external explanation
for one’s words, saying becomes believing. Tory Higgins and
his colleagues had university students read a personality
description of someone and then summarize
it for someone else who was believed either to like or to dislike
this person. The students wrote a more positive description
when the recipient liked the person. Having said positive
things, they also then liked the person more themselves.
Asked to recall what they had read, they remembered
the description as being more positive than it was. In short, it
seems that we are prone to adjust our messages to our listeners,
and, having done so, to believe the altered message.

#2012 6월 21번(정답 5번 미해결)
We want to stop watching so much TV, but demonstrably,
we also want to watch lots of TV. So what we really want, it
seems, is to stop wanting. We are trapped deep in a
paradox: deciding on the best course of action, then doing
something else. The way around this is to see that habits
are responses to needs. This sounds obvious, but countless
efforts at habit change ignore its implications. If you eat
badly, you might resolve to start eating well. However, if you
are eating burgers and ice-cream to feel comforted, relaxed
and happy, ⑤ try to replace them with broccoli and carrot
juice is like dealing with a leaky bathroom tap by repainting
the kitchen. What is required is not a better diet, but an
alternative way to feel comforted and relaxed.

#2012 6월 32번
Back in the 1870’s, Sholes & Co., a leading manufacturer of
typewriters at the time, received many complaints
 from users about typewriter keys sticking
together if the operator went too fast. In response, management
asked its engineers to figure out a way to prevent this from
happening. The engineers discussed the problem and then one
of them said, “What if we slowed the operator
down? If we did that, the keys would not jam together nearly
as much.” The result was to have an inefficient keyboard
configuration. For example, the letters ‘O’ and ‘I’ are the third
and sixth most frequently used letters in the English language,
and yet the engineers positioned them on the keyboard so that
the relatively weaker fingers had to depress them. This ‘inefficient
logic’ pervaded the keyboard, and solved the
problem of keyboard jam-up.

#2012 6월 33번(정답 5번 미해결)
According to Cambodian legends, lions once roamed the
countryside attacking villagers and their precious buffalo, and
long before the great Khmer Empire began in the 9th century,
farmers developed a fierce martial art to defend themselves
against the predator. These techniques became bokator.
Meaning ‘to fight a lion,’ bokator is a martial art depicted
on the walls of Angkor Wat. There are 10,000 moves to
master, mimicking animals such as monkeys, elephants and
even ducks. King Jayavarman VII, the warrior king who
united Cambodia in the 12th century, made his army train in
bokator, turning it into a fearsome fighting force. Despite
its long tradition in Cambodia, bokator ⑤ flourished when the
Khmer Rouge took power in 1975 and executed most of the
discipline’s masters over the next four years.

#2012 6월 47번
My sister, Tara, was the quiet one in the family. She was
not as adventurous as my brother and I. She never excelled at
school or sports. Of course, I loved my sister, but, at times,
that was not so easy to do. She seldom made eye contact
with me. When we ran into each other at school, she
sometimes pretended not to recognize me.
One day, my father’s job forced us to move to a new
neighborhood. The nurse at our new school, Emerson, gave
us ear and eye exams, our first ever. I aced the tests ― “Eagle
eyes and elephant ears,” the nurse said ― but Tara struggled
to read the eye chart. She declared Tara severely
shortsighted and she had to get glasses. When the glasses
were ready, we all went downtown to pick them up. The first
time she tried them on, she kept moving her head around and
up and down. “What’s the matter?” I asked. “You can see that
tree over there?” she said, pointing at a sycamore tree about a
hundred feet away. I nodded. She sobbed, “I can see not
just the branches, but each little leaf.” Tara burst into tears.
On the way home, she kept seeing for the first time all
these things that most everyone else had stopped noticing.
She read street signs and billboards aloud. She pointed out
sparrows sitting on the telephone wires. At home, Tara
insisted that I try on her glasses. I put them on, and the world
turned into fuzzy, unfocused shapes. I took a few steps and
banged my knee on the coffee table. It was at that very
moment that I truly understood Tara for the first time. I
realized why she did not like to go exploring, or why she
did not recognize me at school.
Tara loved seeing the world clearly. Not long after she got
her glasses, she decided she wanted to be an artist. She
started compulsively drawing and painting all the wondrous
things she was discovering. Her first painting of the
sycamore tree is still her favorite. Today, she is an art teacher
at Emerson, where she tries to bring the best out of each
individual student.

#2011 6월(지문 20, 31번 미해결)

#2011 6월 19번
John was as famous for his tennis skills as he was for his
fits of temper on the court. One afternoon, I was playing an
important singles match against John. When things didn’t go
his way, he began to go downhill, complaining about the
game, screaming at himself, and slamming his racket. It
looked like he was having a public nervous breakdown.
In the end, the guy who didn’t “deserve to be on the same
court” with him won in three tough sets. After the match,
John announced his retirement from tennis at the age of
twenty seven. He explained, “When I start losing to players
like him, I’ve got to reconsider what I’m doing even
playing this game.” If he thought I’d be insulted, he was
wrong. In fact, I loved it.

#2011 6월 20번(정답 3번 미해결)
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the creator of Sherlock Holmes,
had a great sense of delicacy where other persons’ feelings
were concerned. He once paid a visit to George Meredith,
the novelist, when Meredith was old and weak. Meredith
suffered from an unusual disease that caused him to fall
occasionally. The two men were walking up a path toward
Meredith’s summerhouse, Conan Doyle in the lead, when
Conan Doyle heard the old novelist fall behind him. He
judged by the sound ③ which the fall was a mere slip and
could not have hurt Meredith. Therefore, he did not turn and
he strode on as if he had heard nothing. “He was a
fiercely proud old man,” Conan Doyle later explained, “and
my instincts told me that his humiliation in being helped up
would be far greater than any relief I could give him.”

#2011 6월 21번
There is an old Japanese legend about a man renowned for
his flawless manners visiting a remote village. Wanting to
honor as well as observe him, the villagers prepared a
banquet. As they sat to eat, all eyes were on their noble
guest. Everyone looked at how the man held his
chopsticks, so that they could imitate him. But then, by an
unfortunate accident, as the mannered man raised a slippery
slice of tofu to his lips, he placed the
tiniest bit of excess pressure on his chopsticks, propelling
his tofu through the air and onto his neighbor’s lap. After a
brief moment of surprise, in order to preserve the myth of
their guest’s perfection and keep him from any
embarrassment, all the villagers at the banquet began to fling
tofu into each other’s laps.


#2011 6월 31번(정답 4번 미해결)
The traditional American view was that fences were out
of place in the American landscape. This notion turned up
repeatedly in nineteenth-century American writing about
the landscape. One author after another severely criticized
“the Englishman’s insultingly inhospitable brick wall topped
with broken bottles.” Frank J. Scott, an early landscape
architect who had a large impact on the look of America’s
first suburbs, worked tirelessly to rid the landscape of
fences. Writing in 1870, he held that to narrow our neighbors’
views of the free graces of Nature was ④ unselfish and
undemocratic. To drive through virtually any American suburb
today, where every lawn steps right up to the street in a
gesture of openness and welcoming, is to see how
completely such views have triumphed.

#2011 6월 32번
A case of the negative impact of an innovation was reported
by a researcher examining the spread of the snowmobile among
the Skolt Lapps in northern Finland. The snowmobile offered
considerable relative advantages to the Lapps who used reindeer
sleds as their primary means of transportation. It was much
faster, making trips for supplies more efficient. However, the
snowmobile had disastrous effects on the Lapps.
First, the noise of the snowmobile frightened the reindeer, who
in turn exhibited health problems and produced fewer calves
each year. Herd sizes were reduced further by
herders who sold some of their reindeer to buy a snowmobile.
With smaller herds, the Lapps found it more difficult to survive,
and the snowmobile was eventually viewed as a product that
drove the Lapps into poverty.

#2011 6월 47번
Sometimes, someone saying you can’t do something is
good for you. It builds mental toughness and conviction.
I often tell people, “Anyone with young children will
tell you, if you ask them not to do something, they’re
guaranteed to do it.” The following story is an example
of how my dad used this to (a) his (and ultimately my)
advantage.
As a child I wasn’t particularly academic or ambitious,
and certainly didn’t work very hard at my studies. It
wasn’t until I was coming to the end of the eleventh
grade―and facing the prospect of leaving school without
any sense of what I wanted to do as a career―that I
decided to apply to the local college to pursue further
study. Feeling pleased with myself for having made this
monumental decision, I proudly announced my plan to
my dad. (e) His immediate reaction was to say, “You’ll
never do that. They’ll never accept you.”
I was so annoyed and upset by (b) his response that I
worked tirelessly for the remainder of the school year. In
those critical few months I worked so hard that I ended
up winning three awards at the end of year prize-giving.
The best part was being able to tell my dad that I’d
been awarded a place at college. On hearing this news,
he simply lowered his newspaper and, with a smile, said,
“Well done, I always knew you would.” At that moment,
I realized what (c) he had done by ‘discouraging’ me.
This was my first experience of ‘reverse psychology.’
Some people might say it’s a risky strategy, but it has
certainly worked for me. It has been extremely valuable in
my life, giving me the confidence, determination and
motivation to succeed, even when the odds are stacked
against me. Now as a father myself, I sometimes use the
same technique to motivate my own son. Often enough,
he ends up with favorable results. I just hope one day
(d) he also realizes that I had his best interests in mind.

#2010 6월(지문 20, 30번 미해결)

#2010 6월 19번
A woman stopped at a flower shop to order some flowers to
be wired to her mother who lived 100 miles away. As she
got out of her car, she noticed a girl sitting on the street
sobbing. The woman asked the girl what was wrong and she
replied, “I wanted to buy a red rose for my mother, but I only
have 75 cents and a rose costs two dollars.” She smiled and
said, “Come on in with me. I’ll buy you a rose for your
mother.” She placed her order of flowers to her mother and
bought a rose for the girl. As they were leaving, she offered
the girl a ride. She responded, “Yes, please, if you could.
Take me to my mother.” The little girl directed her to a
grave and placed the rose on it. This changed the woman’s
plan! She returned to the flower shop, canceled the wire
order, picked up a bouquet of fresh roses, and drove 100
miles to meet her mother.

#2010 6월 20번(정답 4번 미해결)
Mr. Brown wanted his students to learn math in the
context of real life. He felt it was not enough for them
just to work out problems from a book. To show his
students how math could really help them, he held
several contests during the year. The contests allowed his
students to have fun while they practiced math and
raised money. Once he filled a fishbowl with marbles,
asked the students to guess how many marbles there
were, and awarded a free lunch to the winner. Another
time they entered a contest to guess how many soda cans
the back of a pickup truck ④ was held. To win, they
had to practice their skills at estimating, multiplying,
dividing, and measuring. They used most of the prize
money for an end-of-the-year field trip.

#2010 6월 21번
It is hard for street trees to survive with only foot-square
holes in the pavement. The average life of a street tree
surrounded by concrete and asphalt is seven to
fifteen years. Many factors underground determine if a
street tree will make it. If the soil is so dense that the
roots cannot get in, it will surely die. If they can get in,
there is a better chance of getting the water and nutrients
needing to survive. Another question is whether
adequate water supplies are getting into the growing area.
Some of the water comes from underground sources and
some from rain, and it is hard to measure where
the tree is getting it. Of course, if the roots get into the
sewers, they can get everything they need.

#2010 6월 28번
A blind spot is not the same as a simple lack of knowledge.
A blind spot emerges from a resistance to
learning in a particular area. At the root of many of our blind
spots are a number of emotions or attitudes―fear being the
most obvious, but also pride, self-satisfaction, and anxiety. A
manager, for example, might have unsurpassed knowledge
in the financial field, but her understanding of people
management might be limited . Her people find
her cold and aloof and want her to become more consultative
and involved with the team. She, however, is not willing to
accept feedback about her management style and refuses to
even consider the prospect of changing her
management style.

#2010 6월 30번(정답 3번 미해결)(그림)
The figure above shows the equipment for downhill and
cross-country skiing and their recommended sizes. As you
can see, the downhill ski is shorter and wider than the
cross-country ski and is about the height of the skier. The
cross-country ski meets the ② elbow when the arm is held
above the head. In either case, a slightly heavier or more
experienced skier might want a longer ski, and a lighter or
beginning skier might prefer a shorter ski. The cross-country
pole is longer than the one for downhill skiing, and its tip is
bent. The length of the cross-country pole reaches the
armpit. The downhill pole fits comfortably in the hand about
two inches below the armpit. The bottom of the downhill
boot attaches completely to the ski, while the heel of the
cross-country boot is not fastened to the ski.

#2010 6월 49번
It was spring and some 6th grade boys at a suburban
elementary school were fooling around on the
playground. They had discovered a great new trick. One
of them would kneel down behind someone and the
other would push the person over. The trick worked
perfectly with Anna. She fell over with ease. She
was hurt and crying. In the process she had broken
her wrist. The yard duty staff sent the shaken boys to
the principal.
The principal began by saying that she understood that
they were playing and had not meant to cause serious
harm, but that, in fact, they had. She explained that the
girl would have to wear a cast for weeks and now lots
of ordinary things would be more difficult for her.
She pointed out that the girl played the flute and would
now not be able to play in the spring concert. By the time
she finished, the boys were in tears and very sorry
for what they had done. The principal also suspended
the boys for a day, explaining to them that even though
she knew they were sorry and had not meant to cause
such harm, she believed suspension was necessary to
signal to everyone in the community the seriousness of
the situation. On their own, the boys brought the girl
flowers and apologized for hurting her.

#2009 6월(지문 22, 29번 미해결)

#2009 6월 19번
Greg had always loved sports that he could play on his
own. When he was 14, he went to a camp for skiers.
One of the best ways to stay in shape, he was told there,
was cycling. At that time, his dad was trying to lose
weight, so he rode 20 miles every day with his son.
Soon Greg got interested in cycling, entered races for 14
and 15-year-olds, and won almost every race. He
became unbeatable in the U.S. However, being number
one in the U.S. didn’t count for much because all the
top cyclis ts raced in Europe. When he was 16, Greg
started racing and winning in Europe. And when he was
25, he became the first non-European to win the Tour
de France, the top cycling competition in the world.

#2009 6월 21번
The most useful thing I brought out of my childhood
was confidence in reading. Not long ago, I went on a
weekend self-exploratory workshop, in the hope of getting a
clue about how to live. One of the exercises we were given
was to make a list of the ten most important
events of our lives. Number one was: “I was born,” and
you could put whatever you liked after that.
Without even thinking about it, my hand wrote at number
two: “I learned to read.” “I was born and learned to
read” wouldn’t be a s equence that occurs to many
people, I imagine. But I knew what I meant to say.
Being born was something done to me, but
my own life began when I first made out the meaning of
a s entence.

#2009 6월 22번(정답 5번 미해결)
Gas stations are a good example of an impersonal
attitude. At many stations, attendants have even stopped
pumping gas. Motorists pull up to a gas station where
an attendant is enclosed in a glass booth with a tray
for taking money. The driver must get out of the car,
pump the gas, and walk over to the booth to pay. And
customers with engine trouble or a non-functioning heater
are usually out of luck. Why? Many gas stations have
gotten rid of on-duty mechanics. The skillful mechanic
has been replaced by a teenager in a uniform ⑤ which
doesn’t know anything about cars and couldn’t care less.

#2009 6월 28번
The key to a successful business chain can be
expressed in one word: “uniformity.” In the early 1970s,
a farm activist viewed the emerging
fast-food industry as a step toward a food economy
dominated by giant corporations. Much of what he
worried about has come to pass. The tremendous success
of the fast-food industry has caused other industries to
adopt similar business methods. The basic
thinking behind fast food has become the operating
system of today’s economy, wiping out small business
and eliminating regional differences. So
if you walk into a world-famous fast-food restaurant
anywhere in the world, you can purchase food with
almost the same taste.

#2009 6월 29번(정답 2번 미해결)
A screw is a simple mechanical device that multiplies
effort. The force that you apply to the screw is called the
effort force, whereas the force that applies to the object in
response to the effort force is called the output force. The
spiral ridges are the threads of the screw. The distance
from ② head to thread is called the pitch. The diagram
shows how turning the head of the screw can cause the
screw to move into the object. The distance around
the head of the screw is related to the distance the effort
moves. The distance through which the output moves
corresponds to the pitch of the screw.

#2009 6월 47번
The gym teacher walked into the room, and recognized
that I had been fighting with Matt. He sent us out to the
running track. He followed us with a smile on his face
and said, “I want both of you to run the track holding
each other’s hands.” The class captain erupted into a roar
of laughter, and we were embarrassed beyond belief.
Hesitantly, my enemy and I started running. What had
earlier been fists were now linked in a strange
handshake.
At some point during the course of the obligatory
mini-marathon that both of us felt anger about, I
remember looking over at the large person bes ide me.
His nose was still bleeding a bit. Tears filled his eyes.
His giant body slowed him down. Suddenly it struck me
that here was a person, not all that different from myself.
I guess my unwilling partner thought the same thing
because we both looked at each other and began to
laugh. In time, we became good friends.
I no longer saw the big figure in the same light.
Instead of the dull boy who I had hated for a long time,
here was someone like me, the human being who had
internal value and worth far beyond any externals. It was
amazing what I had learned from being forced to run
hand-in-hand with someone. For the rest of my life I
have never raised a hand against another person.

#2008 6월(지문 22, 29번 미해결)

#2008 6월 19번
Many people believe that a snowflake cannot last more
than a few minutes indoors because it is a frozen
water crystal. However, you can catch a snowflake and
keep it forever. According to the chemist Tryggvi
Emlisson, ‘superglue’ can be used to do this job. It is a
thin, runny glue with special molecules which hardens
anything it touches. With that in mind, Emlisson
did an experiment with a snowflake in January 1979.
He took a snowflake, locked it in a drop of the
‘superglue,’ and kept it for decades. Recently he showed
that it was still well-preserved.

#2008 6월 21번
Philosophy is, simply put, a way of thinking. More
accurately, however, it is a set of mental tools. And that
fact is directly related to the question of why
we study philosophy. It’s not just to amaze our friends
with our own profound thinking, or confuse them with
unexpected questions, although some
college students may value that poss ibility the most
in taking philosophy cours es. We study philosophy
because of the mental skills it helps us develop.

#2008 6월 22번(정답 4번 미해결)
College life is busy. There are too many demands on
your schedule. Activities, friends, and pastimes may cause
some difficulties in your performing the real job at hand.
When you are feeling overwhelmed by presentations,
paper deadlines, or tests, you will probably spend all your
time studying to deal with these pressures. However, this
lack of time for relaxation makes it more difficult ④ get
the most out of your studies. Promise yourself that no
matter how much work you have, you will always relax
during one full evening. You will work better if you take
time off for relaxation.

#2008 6월 28번
Although we eat bananas often, few of us know much
about them. The banana tree is the largest plant on earth
without a woody stem. The trunk contains a large amount
of water and is extremely delicate . Though
it can reach a full height of 20 feet in one year, even
moderate winds can blow it down. The fruit
s tem or bunch is made up of s even to nine hands,
each containing 10 to 20 fingers which grow slowly
through a mass of tightly packed leaf covers.
Just before they ripen, they are picked, packaged, and
finally delivered to our local supermarkets.

#2008 6월 29번(정답 3번 미해결)
A bicycle is a two-wheeled steerable machine that is
pedaled by the rider’s feet. The wheels are installed
in-line in a metal frame, with the front wheel held in a
rotatable fork. The frame, which is diamond-shaped, is
formed by two triangles of tubes. The main triangle
consis ts of the top tube, the seat tube, and the down
tube, while the ③ front triangle consists of the seat tube,
chain stays, and seat s tays. The saddle fits on top
of the seat tube. The rider s its on a saddle and steers
by turning handlebars that are attached to the fork. The
feet turn pedals linked to cranks.

#2007 6월(지문 22, 35번 미해결)

#2007 6월 21번
We tend to believe that our taste in music is a great
way of expressing our individuality, but
sociologists at Columbia University claim that we only
like the music we listen to because we know others enjoy
it. Using a specially developed website, they
offered more than 14,000 people the opportunity to
download free music. They discovered that people who
were given popularity rankings were more likely to select
what the website claimed were favorite choices.

#2007 6월 22번(정답 2번 미해결)
When a concert violinist was asked the secret of her
success, she replied, “Planned neglect.” Then she explained,
“When I was in school, there were many things that ② were
demanded my time and energy. When I went to my room
after breakfast, I made my bed, straightened the room,
dusted the floor, and did whatever else came to my
attention. Then I hurried to violin practice. I found I
wasn’t progressing as I thought I should, so I reversed
things. Until my practice period was completed, I
deliberately neglected everything else. That program of
planned neglect, I believe, accounts for my success.”

#2007 6월 34번
When you find work you love that supports
you financially, that is ideal. Hundreds of people have
told me that when they do work they love, such as
teaching students or nursing elderly people, they don’t need
as much money because they are happy. When people are
not happy in their work, they have a tendency to want
more money because they are unfulfilled
by their work. Even if your work does not satisfy you, it
puts food on the table for you and your loved ones.
Working for survival is not ideal, but you
do what you have to do to live.

#2007 6월 35번(정답 2번 미해결)(그림)
This is a highly efficient headgear. It is a light and soft
cap with elastic pads that stiffen upon collision. “It
doesn’t protect you as much as a hard helmet,” says the
Swiss businessman who released this product first, “but
it’s for people who don’t like to wear helmets.” The pads
on the cap are made of a special material that ② loosens
in response to quick movements or impacts. Strike your
head, and the shock causes the molecules inside the
padding to tightly bond, forming a structure that
resembles a chain-link fence. This stiffening helps absorb
and redistribute the force of the impact.

#2007 6월 48번
My name is Caroline Finch. I live in Albuquerque,
New Mexico. In the downtown area I often see homeless
people begging for money all around the stoplights. I
used to give a lot of money to them, feeling sorry for
their misfortune. But as time passed, I became a single
mom with no home, a huge debt and hardly any income.
As a result, I became very bitter, and stopped giving to
the people on the side of the road. Eventually, things
started to change for me. I became responsible enough
to have a home, a backyard for my daughter, and plenty
of food. I saved money and started to pull myself out
of debt.
One day, we saw a homeless person with the
sign, “Will work for food.” I passed by. My daughter
commented, “Mommy, you used to give to those people
in need.” I replied, “Honey, they just use that money
for alcohol or other bad things.” She didn’t respond. But
when I said that, it didn’t feel right.
Three days later, I was driving to pick up my
daughter from school. A man was standing on the
corner, and something deep inside me said, “Just help
the guy.” So I rolled down my window, and he ran
over with enthusiasm. He said, “God bless you! I only
need 77 cents.” I reached into my ashtray and oddly
enough, there sat three quarters and two pennies.
My hair stood up when I saw this. I picked them
up and gave them to him. He burst out with joy and
tears in his eyes, “Wow, you just made it possible for
me to see my mom for Christmas! Thank you so much.
The bus that has this great Christmas discount is leaving
in 20 minutes!” It was a moment I’ll never forget. I
think that man won’t forget it either, but I was the
one who got the best gift in life.

#2005 6월(지문 28번 미해결)

No one should allow himself or herself to be emotionally
hurt by anyone. But over the course of a friendship, even the
most considerate people can make mistakes, resulting in
misunderstandings. A relationship can suffer if the offender
refuses to make the first move toward reconciliation. In this
situation, it may be best if the offended person takes the
initiative and tries to restore their friendship. This can be
done by discussing why one person got cross or failed to
understand the circumstances.

#2005 6월 20번
to make someone dis appointed by not doing
something they are expecting you to do: The
kids will be let down when they hear you
can’t come after all.
to make someone or something likely to fail:
The whole sys tem is let down by the poor
quality control.
to allow someone or something to move to a lower
position: The thirsty traveler carefully let down
the bucket into the well.

#2005 6월 28번(정답 3번 미해결)
Commercials on TV tell us all the time that we can change
ourselves. In thirty seconds, actors on commercials can get
thinner, prettier, and richer. But this fantasy world
only ③ sets up us for a fall. We hear about the
wonderful changes people can make in their lives, and
we want to duplicate thos e results. But when we try and
are not quickly rewarded, we actually wind up feeling
worse than we did before we started. The problem is
that change is possible, but it takes years to achieve the
desired outcome.

#2005 6월 29번
Many public figures have hired speech writers for
political or business purposes. You may have heard
such well-known phrases as “Read my lips” or “A
kinder, gentler nation.” A female professional speech
writer is credited with creating these phrases, capturing
abstract ideas and putting them into practical language.
The very existence of speech writers like her causes
many politicians or business people to think that if
they just hire a good speech writer, they will become
memorable speech makers overnight. Unfortunately, that
assumption is wrong. In reality, speech writers cannot
make their clients great, or even good, speakers.

#2005 6월 30번
My father used to have a great build when he was
younger. But a lot of beer has gone down
since then and now he is very fat. He insists on sitting
around the house in his swimming trunks.
When my friends come over, I’m embarrassed. My mother
doesn’t like it, either. Every now and then she says,
“Harold, go and put on a robe.” But he pays no attention.
My father is wonderful and I love all 220 pounds of him,
but do you think he should sit in the living room in his
swimwear when I have company?

#2005 6월 49번
An old gentleman had been hired by a young town
councilman to clear away the sand from the pools of
water up in the mountain that fed the spring flowing
through their town. With faithful, silent regularity,
he patrolled the hills, removed the leaves and
branches, and cleared away the sand that would
otherwise have choked and contaminated the fresh flow
of water. The village soon became a popular resort for
vacationers. Graceful swans floated along the clear
spring, the mill wheels turned day and night, and the
view from restaurants was picturesque beyond
description.
Years passed. One evening the town council held its
meeting. As they reviewed the budget, one man’s eye
caught the salary figure being paid to the obscure keeper
of the spring. Said the keeper of the purse, “Who is
this old man? Why do we keep him on year after year?
For all we know, the strange ranger of the hills is
not doing anything. He isn’t necessary any longer.” So
they decided to dispense with the old man’s services.
In early autumn, the trees began to shed their leaves.
Small branches fell into the pools, hindering the
rushing flow of sparkling water. A few days later, the
water turned yellowish brown. Within another week, a
foul smell was detected. The mill wheels moved more
slowly and ground to a halt. The swans left, as did
the tourists.
Immediately, the embarrassed council called an urgent
meeting. Realizing their gross error in judgment, they
rehired the old keeper of the spring, and within a
few weeks, the spring began to clear up. The wheels
started to turn, and life returned to the town.

#2004 6월

#2004 6월 30번
By the age of one and a half, Matilda knew as
many words as most grown-ups. The parents,
instead of prais ing her, called her a noisy chatterbox
and told her that small girls should be seen and not
heard . By the time she was three, Matilda had
taught herself to read by studying newspapers and
magazines that lay around the house. At the age
of four, she could read fast and well.

#2004 6월 50번
In most states, people who have been adopted are
not allowed to have access to their files. They
have no idea who their real parents are or why they
were put up for adoption, and all their attempts to
discover this information are met with firm resistance
from the government. In short, adoption officials will tell
them nothing.
However, in the past decade, many adoptees have
publicly protested this situation, and some states have
changed their previous policies. Indeed, this change
in adoption policy should take place nationwide. Adoptees
need to know about their parents and their past, and
those who do not care can simply refuse access to their
files.
Although restrictions against opening adoption files
make the search much harder, they do not necessarily
discourage those adoptees who want to discover who their
biological parents are. Those men and women who are
desperate to find what they want to know will, if they
can afford it, hire a detective to find out. If not, some of
them are willing to devote all their time and energy to
finding more about their origins.

#2019 9월(지문 29, 42번 미해결)

#2019 9월 29번(정답 5번 미해결)
Not all organisms are able to find sufficient food to survive,
so starvation is a kind of disvalue often found in nature. It
also is part of the process of selection by which biological
evolution functions. Starvation helps filter out those less fit to
survive, those less resourceful in finding food for themselves
and their young. In some circumstances, it may pave the way
for genetic variants to take hold in the population of a species
and eventually allow the emergence of a new species in place of
the old one. Thus starvation is a disvalue that can help make
possible the good of greater diversity. Starvation can be of
practical or instrumental value, even as it is an intrinsic
disvalue. ⑤ What some organisms must starve in nature is
deeply regrettable and sad. The statement remains implacably
true, even though starvation also may sometimes subserve ends
that are good.

#2019 9월 30번
For every toxic substance, process, or product in use today,
there is a safer alternative ― either already in existence, or
waiting to be discovered through the application of human
intellect, ingenuity, and effort. In almost every case, the safer
alternative is available at a comparable cost.
Industry may reject these facts and complain about the high
cost of acting, but history sets the record straight. The
chemical industry denied that there were practical alternatives
to ozone-depleting chemicals, predicting not
only economic disaster but numerous deaths because food and
vaccines would spoil without refrigeration. They were wrong.
The motor vehicle industry initially denied that cars caused air
pollution, then claimed that no technology existed to reduce
pollution from vehicles, and later argued that installing devices
to reduce air pollution would make cars extremely expensive.
They were wrong every time. The pesticide industry argues that
synthetic pesticides are absolutely necessary
to grow food. Thousands of organic farmers are proving
them wrong.

#2019 9월 42번(정답 3번 (c) 미해결)
As a couple start to form a relationship, they can be seen to
develop a set of constructs about their own relationship and,
in particular, how it is similar or different to their parents’
relationship. The couple’s initial disclosures involve them
forming constructs about how much similarity there is
between them and each other’s families. What each of them
will remember is selective and coloured by their family’s
constructs system. In turn it is likely that as they tell each
other their already edited stories, there is a second process of
editing whereby what they both hear from each other is again
interpreted within their respective family of origin’s
construct systems. The two sets of memories ― the person
talking about his or her family and the partner’s edited
version of this story ― go into the ‘cooking-pot’ of the
couple’s new construct system. Subsequently, one partner
may (c) randomly recall a part of the other’s story as a tactic
in negotiations: for example, Harry may say to Doris that she
is being ‘bossy ― just like her mother’. Since this is probably
based on what Doris has told Harry, this is likely to be a very
powerful tactic. She may protest or attempt to rewrite this
version of her story, thereby possibly adding further material
that Harry could use in this way. These exchanges of stories
need not always be employed in such malevolent ways.
These reconstructed memories can become very powerful, to
a point where each partner may become confused even about
the simple factual details of what actually did happen in
their past.

#2019 9월 44번
Over the last week, Jason had been feeling worried about
his daughter, Sally. For two months now, Sally had been
absorbed, perhaps even excessively, in studying birds. He
was afraid she might begin to ignore her schoolwork. While
shopping, Jason was glad to run into his old friend Jennifer, a
bird expert working at the local university. Maybe she
could help ease his concern. Upon hearing about Sally’s
interest, Jennifer invited them both to visit her office to see
just how deep Sally’s fascination was.
Two days later, Jason and Sally visited Jennifer’s office.
Sally was delighted by the books about birds and she joyfully
looked at the beautiful pictures in them. It was while Jason
and Jennifer were talking that Sally suddenly shouted, “Oh,
I’ve seen this bird!” “Impossible,” replied Jennifer, not
believing it. “This book shows rare birds. You can’t see any
of them around here.” But she insisted, “I spotted a pair of
them in their nest in a huge oak tree nearby!”
Jennifer walked up to Sally and took a close look at the
page. She calmly said, “That’s the black robin of Chathas
Island. It’s one of the rarest birds, Sally. You couldn’t have
seen it in this town.” Yet Sally persisted. “In that case, can
you show me the nest?” asked Jennifer. “Yes, I can right
now if you want,” answered Sally full of confidence. Jennifer
put on her coat, pulled out a pair of binoculars, and stepped
out. Sally and Jason followed.
Approaching the tree, Sally shouted excitedly, “There,
that’s the nest!” Jennifer looked up to see a small cup-shaped
nest within a fork of the branches. Quickly, she took out
her binoculars and peered where Sally pointed. In the fading
evening light, she found the two rare black birds in their nest.
“See, didn’t I tell you?” exclaimed Sally. Looking at her in
joyful surprise, both Jason and Jennifer were proud of Sally.
They now recognized her extraordinary gift and passion as a
bird-watcher.

#2018 9월(지문 28번 미해결)

#2018 9월 28번(정답 2번 미해결)
The lack of real, direct experience in and with nature has
caused many children to regard the natural world as mere
abstraction, that fantastic, beautifully filmed place filled
with endangered rainforests and polar bears in peril. This
overstated, often fictionalized version of nature is no more
real ― and yet no less real ― to them than the everyday nature
right outside their doors, ② waits to be discovered in a child’s
way, at a child’s pace. Consider the University of Cambridge
study which found that a group of eight-year-old children was
able to identify substantially more characters from animations
than common wildlife species. One wonders whether our
children’s inherent capacity to recognize, classify, and order
information about their environment ― abilities once essential
to our very survival ― is slowly devolving to facilitate life in
their increasingly virtualized world. It’s all part of what
Robert Pyle first called “the extinction of experience.”

#2018 9월 29번
Why does the “pure” acting of the movies not seem
unnatural to the audience, who, after all, are accustomed in
real life to people whose expression is more or less indistinct?
Most people’s perception in these matters is not very sharp.
They are not in the habit of observing closely the play of
features of their fellow men ― either in real life or at the
movies. They are satisfied with grasping
the meaning of what they see. Thus, they often take in the
overemphasized expression of film actors more easily than any
that is too naturalistic. And as far as lovers of art are concerned,
they do not look at the movies for imitations of nature but for
art. They know that artistic representation is always
explaining, refining, and making clear the object depicted.
Things that in real life are imperfectly realized, merely hinted
at, and entangled with other things appear in a work of art
complete, entire, and free from irrelevant
matters. This is also true of acting in film.

#2018 9월 30번
Most of us probably parent the way we were parented.
Louise, a mother who attended my seminars, shared how
her mother dealt with sibling fighting. Louise said her
mother’s infamous threat was always, “If you kids don’t stop
fighting, I’m going to knock your three heads together!”
Louise and her siblings were always puzzled about the
specifics of how their mother would actually accomplish such
a task, which, thankfully, she never attempted. But what
drove her mother to make this empty threat? Extreme
annoyance with the sibling arguments, probably. No doubt,
Louise’s mother had learned this threatening tactic from
her own mother, and, in the absence of any other parenting
tools she knew of, she said it to her own children, regardless
of whether it worked. If Louise had not learned the effective
parenting skills taught in the seminars, she would probably
be using similarly ineffective threatening techniques with her
own children today!

#2018 9월 44번
An important lesson to remember is that we should try to
see the positives in life even while we are stuck in the
middle of trouble. Riccardo, who was named after his father,
an immigrant from Mexico, learned this lesson at a young
age. Although the family called him Ricky, his father had his
own nickname for him: Good-for-Nothing. Why did the
elder Riccardo call him that? Because Ricky hated
fishing.
His father saw this very negatively, because he was a
fisherman. He loved the fishing business. So did all of his
sons, except for Good-for-Nothing Ricky. The boy did not
like being on the boat, and the smell of fish made him sick.
Instead, Ricky ― who was not afraid of hard work ―
delivered newspapers, shined shoes, worked in the office, and
even repaired nets. His income went to the family. Even
so, his father was strongly dissatisfied with him and still
always said that he was good for nothing.
Since these jobs were not fishing, his father saw no value
in them. Young Ricky hated fishing. Everything would be
fine if it were not fishing, he thought to himself. Soon, Ricky
began to follow his older brother who used to play sandlot
ball. For Ricky, playing baseball with him was a way to
forget his hardship. Fortunately, Ricky was very good at it,
and was treated like a hero among his playmates. When
Ricky was sixteen, he decided to drop out of school to
become a baseball player. And by the time he was through
with baseball, he had become a legend.
The nation came to know Ricky as the most complete
player of his generation, and he was voted into the Hall of
Fame. And his father, the elder Riccardo, what did he think
about it? Though he had wanted all of his sons to join the
family business, he was finally proud of Ricky and respected
his accomplishments. Ricky held onto hope in one of the
most difficult moments of his life and achieved greatness.

#2017 9월

#2017 9월 28번
Like life in traditional society, but unlike other team sports,
baseball is not governed by the clock. A football game is
comprised of exactly sixty minutes of play, a basketball game
forty or forty-eight minutes, but baseball has no set length of time
within which the game must be completed. The pace of the game
is therefore leisurely and unhurried, like the
world before the discipline of measured time, deadlines,
schedules, and wages paid by the hour. Baseball belongs to the
kind of world in which people did not say, “I haven’t
got all day.” Baseball games do have all day to be played. But that
does not mean that they can go on forever. Baseball, like
traditional life, proceeds according to the rhythm of nature,
specifically the rotation of the Earth. During its first half century,
games were not played at night, which meant that baseball games,
like the traditional work day, ended when the sun set.

#2017 9월 29번
You can’t have a democracy if you can’t talk with your
neighbors about matters of mutual interest or concern. Thomas
Jefferson, who had an enduring interest in democracy, came
to a similar conclusion. He was prescient in understanding
the dangers of concentrated power, whether in
corporations or in political leaders or exclusionary political
institutions. Direct involvement of citizens was what had made
the American Revolution possible and given the new republic
vitality and hope for the future. Without that involvement, the
republic would die. Eventually, he saw a need for the nation to
be subdivided into “wards” ― political units so
small that everyone living there could participate directly in
the political process. The representatives for each ward in the
capital would have to be responsive to citizens
organized in this way. A vibrant democracy conducted locally
would then provide the active basic unit for the democratic life
of the republic. With that kind of involvement, the republic might
survive and prosper.

#2017 9월 30번
Harumi Tanaka, from Osaka, Japan, had accepted an
assignment in Boston. His task was to explore the possibility
of developing joint ventures with American firms. He had
been invited by one company to spend a month there and
had been assigned an office and a research assistant. Harumi
agreed on a Monday to present a business plan the following
Friday. On Tuesday, the computers in the company crashed,
and the research assistant called in sick with a severe case of
the flu. Still, Harumi pushed forward and presented his
plan on Friday. He began his presentation, “I’m sorry that
I am not well prepared. This meeting may not be a good
use of your time.” He then went into a clear, interesting
presentation. After the meeting, one of the American executives
said, “I don’t know why you had to apologize. Everyone
knows about the computer crash and your assistant’s illness.”
Harumi responded that he thought that the apology would be
a good introduction to his presentation.

#2017 9월 44번
What interested me the most about the new house was the
stable in the backyard, in which my father let me make a
small space for a pony. I believed that it meant that I would
get a pony for Christmas. He also said, “Lennie, someday
you’ll have a pony of your own.” However, “some day” is a
pain to a boy who lives in and knows only “now.”
Meanwhile my father took me to a pony fair and let me try
some ponies, but he always found some fault with them,
leaving me in despair. When Christmas was at hand, I had
abandoned all hope of getting one. Instead, I hung up the
biggest stocking I had. Waking up at 7 a.m., my little sisters
and I raced for the fireplace downstairs. While my sisters
were delighted to find their stockings filled with presents,
mine was empty. I went out into the yard and wept all by
myself.
After an hour, my frustration reached its climax, when I saw
a man riding a pony with a brand-new saddle. When he looked
at our door, he just passed by, which caused me to break into a
flood of tears. Then, he said, “Kid, do you know a boy named
Lennie Steffens?” “That’s me,” I replied in tears. He said,
“I’ve been looking all over for your house. Why don’t you put
your house number where it can be seen?” He went on saying,
“I should have been here at 7. Your father told me to bring the
pony here and leave him for you.”
I’d never seen anything so beautiful as my pony. And finally,
I rode off into the fields. Thrilled by riding, I began to feast my
eyes on the world around me. The trees seemed to be taking on
smiling faces and the birds seemed to be singing to congratulate
me on getting my new friend. When I returned home, my father
asked, “Why did you come back so soon?” With a smile on my
face, I answered him, “I didn’t want to make him feel tired.
It’s his first day with me.” He laughed and wiped away the
tear stains from my face ― his heartfelt gesture of apology for
such a long-delayed present. Bursting with happiness, I spent
the rest of the day brushing my pony in the stable.

#2016 9월(지문 28, 29번 미해결)

#2016 9월 28번(정답 3번 미해결)
The Internet and communication technologies play an
ever-increasing role in the social lives of young people in
developed societies. Adolescents have been quick to immerse
themselves in technology with most using the Internet to
communicate. Young people treat the mobile phone as an
essential necessity of life and often prefer to use text messages
to communicate with their friends. Young people also
increasingly access social networking websites. As
technology and the Internet are a familiar resource for young
people, it is logical ③ what they would seek assistance from
this source. This has been shown by the increase in websites
that provide therapeutic information for young people. A
number of ‘youth friendly’ mental health websites have
been developed. The information presented often takes the
form of Frequently Asked Questions, fact sheets and suggested
links. It would seem, therefore, logical to provide online
counselling for young people.

#2016 9월 29번(정답 4번 미해결)
An Egyptian executive, after entertaining his Canadian
guest, offered him joint partnership in a new business venture.
The Canadian, delighted with the offer, suggested that they
meet again the next morning with their respective lawyers to
finalize the details. The Egyptian never showed up. The
surprised and disappointed Canadian tried to understand what
had gone wrong: Did Egyptians lack punctuality? Was the
Egyptian expecting a counter-offer? Were lawyers unavailable
in Cairo? None of these explanations proved to be correct;
rather, the problem was caused by the different meaning
Canadians and Egyptians attach to inviting lawyers. The
Canadian regarded the lawyers’ ④ absence as facilitating the
successful completion of the negotiation; the Egyptian
interpreted it as signaling the Canadian’s mistrust of his
verbal commitment. Canadians often use the impersonal
formality of a lawyer’s services to finalize agreements.
Egyptians, by contrast, more frequently depend on the personal
relationship between bargaining partners to accomplish the
same purpose.

#2016 9월 30번
Dad just laughed and walked out of the room still holding
Slade in his arms. He had dressed him and now he put him
in his chair. As Slade sat in his chair eating a biscuit that Dad
had spread with butter and homemade strawberry jam, Mom
walked into the kitchen. She took one look at her little boy and
started laughing; his little face and hands were covered with
biscuit and jam. She thought how really cute he was. “Honey,
what have you done? Look at him. I will never get him
clean again. I guess when he gets through eating you can take
him out and dump him in the bathtub.” Dad laughed. Slade
giggled and tried to spit biscuit all over Dad. It didn’t hit
him because luckily he avoided the spray. That made Mom
laugh even more and soon the little cabin was full of love and
laughter.

#2016 9월 44번
Peter Anderson was exhausted when he finally opened the
front door of his apartment. He teaches first graders, which
means he lives in a world of riddles, birthday cakes, and
pointless stories. His world is dominated by 6-year-olds.
Throwing himself with his leather bag on the long,
comfortable sofa, he closed his eyes and reviewed the events
of the day.
Today was especially busy and wearying, and Anderson
wondered whether he was really suitable for teaching. He was
stressed as kids constantly sought his attention. At snack
time, Emily wanted him to open her milk carton, so he did. As
she was drinking, Scott spilled his milk and Anderson had to
help him clean it up. Then Jenny, Andrew, Mark, and . . . .
Kids never ceased. However, he still loved them. That’s also
what he had said in the interview for the position.
It was held in a seminar room where Anderson met the
principal for the first time three years ago. The principal
asked why he chose to work with young children. He
answered that he loved helping children learn to write their
names for the first time, finding someone a new friend, and
sharing in the joy of reading. But, as time passed, his
commitment and passion seemed to fade gradually. He
recalled his strong conviction during the interview.
That’s why Anderson took the job in the first place even
though some of his friends attempted to persuade him to be a
lawyer or businessman. He shook his head and opened his
eyes. As he struggled to get up, he saw something fall from his
bag. It was a birthday card from his students, decorated with
all kinds of odd-shaped but colorful hearts and scribbled
names. “Dear Mr. Anderson, happy birthday to you. It’s our
surprise gift for you. We love you!” Anderson could not help
but smile. He already felt much better.

#2015 9월(지문 29번 미해결)

#2015 9월 28번
The term objectivity is important in measurement because
of the scientific demand that observations be subject to
public verification. A measurement system is objective to
the extent that two observers evaluating the
same performance arrive at the same (or very similar)
measurements. For example, using a tape measure to
determine the distance a javelin was thrown yields
very similar results regardless of who reads the tape. By
comparison, evaluation of performances such as diving,
gymnastics, and figure skating is more subjective ─ although
elaborate scoring rules help make it more objective.
From the point of view of research in motor behavior, it is
important to use performances in the laboratory for which
the scoring can be as objective as possible.

#2015 9월 29번(정답 4번 미해결)
A special feature of the real estate rental market is its
tendency to undergo a severe and prolonged contraction
phase, more so than with manufactured products. When the
supply of a manufactured product exceeds the demand,
the manufacturer cuts back on output, and the merchant
reduces inventory to balance supply and demand.
However, property owners cannot reduce the amount
of space available for rent in their buildings. Space that
was constructed to accommodate business and consumer
needs at the peak of the cycle remains, so vacancy
rates climb and the downward trend becomes more severe.
Rental rates generally do not drop below a certain point,
the ④ maximum that must be charged in order to cover
operating expenses. Some owners will take space off the
market rather than lose money on it. A few, unable to
subsidize the property, will sell at distress prices, and
lenders will repossess others. These may then be placed
on the market at lower rental rates, further depressing
the market.

#2015 9월 30번
Born in Budapest to a family of bankers, von Neumann
was undeniably bright. At age eight, he had mastered
calculus. At age twelve, he was reading works aimed at
professional mathematicians. But he also loved to
invent mechanical toys and became a child expert on
Byzantine history. When it was time to go off to
university, he agreed to study chemical engineering as a
compromise with his father, who feared that his son
couldn’t make a living as a mathematician. Von Neumann
kept his bargain by enrolling at the University of
Budapest and promptly leaving for Berlin, where he spent
his time doing mathematics, and returning to Budapest at
the end of every semester to take examinations. He
published his second mathematics paper, in which he
gave the modern definition of ordinal numbers, at age
nineteen. By age twenty-five he had published ten
major papers; by age thirty, nearly three dozen.

#2015 9월 44번
Jim Nelson, a junior at Manti High School, was an
outstanding athlete. He had just made the school
basketball team, one of the best in the state. But on
October 23, 1996, most of his athletic future was
suddenly taken away from him. Jim was riding his
bicycle at night to visit his friend. The road was very
steep in some places. It was very dark and difficult to see.
As he came around a sloping curve on his bicycle, Jim
hit a car parked on the side of the road. He ended
up in the hospital. Besides bad cuts on his head, he
broke his right arm and was in a cast for two months.
Jim’s doctor gave him a series of tests. The doctor
concluded that he had suffered nerve damage and
that he might never regain the full use of his right arm.
Because of his injury, Jim wasn’t able to play on the
basketball team during the rest of that year, but the
coach did make him equipment manager so that he
could come and practice. All summer long in 1997, each
and every night, he practiced making left-handed
baskets. When the next season arrived, Jim was ready to
try out for the team ― and he made it again!
Jim never became a starter, but he was always the
first substitute to go in the game. Jim got a chance to
play in the last 30 seconds of the championship game
when a starting player sprained his ankle. With 10
seconds left, Jim balanced the ball in his left hand and
took the shot. The crowd was deathly quiet until ―
swish! He made the three-point-shot left-handed! Jim
won not only the game but also the hearts of his
teammates for proving that with determination, no
obstacle is too great.

#2014-B 9월(지문 28번 미해결)

#2014-B 9월 26번
I was reminded of our mission earlier this year when
my mother sold her house. Because of my father’s failing
health, my parents recently moved from Florida to
Maryland to live with my elder sister and her family.
At my mom’s request, my brothers, sisters, and I sorted
through all her belongings. She told us to keep or
discard whatever we pleased. For myself I kept a solitary
piece of china, one of the few remaining plates from the
set my grandfather bought my mother for her wedding.
I can still remember the set in better days ― serving
many a guest on a Sunday afternoon. But its comrades
have all been broken or have disappeared, and this plate
is all I have. It is delicate and faded ― you can no
longer read the pattern name printed on the back. But it
hangs in my dining room as a pleasant reminder of her
hospitality.

#2014-B 9월 27번
It had long been something of a mystery where, and
on what, the northern fur seals of the eastern Pacific feed
during the winter, which they spend off the
coast of North America from California to Alaska. There
is no evidence that they are feeding to any great extent
on sardines, mackerel, or other commercially important
fishes. Presumably four million seals could not compete
with commercial fishermen for the same species without
the fact being. But there is some evidence
on the diet of the fur seals, and it is highly significant.
Their stomachs have yielded the bones of a species of
fish that has never been seen alive. Indeed, not even its
remains have been found anywhere except in the
stomachs of seals. Ichthyologists say that this ‘seal fish’
belongs to a group that typically inhabits very deep water,
off the edge of the continental shelf.

#2014-B 9월 28번(정답 1번 미해결)
Occasionally, there are children who have trouble
understanding that their clothing choice is inappropriate or
even unhealthy. Some children ① follow the suggestion
that sandals may not be the best option for a snowy day.
For those kids, experience may be the best teacher.
For example, when Lydia was eight years old, she
insisted on wearing her favorite sandals to school despite
warnings that the sidewalks were covered in snow and
slush. Her mom worried that she would arrive at
school with cold, wet feet, but Lydia would not change
her mind. Of course, her mother was right. While Lydia
did have some very uncomfortable toes because they
became soaked and frozen on her way to and from
school, she learned that sometimes fashion isn’t worth
the price of serious discomfort.

#2014-B 9월 44번
To be creative problem solvers, people must learn to
approach complexity with a certain naive simplicity. And
by letting their thinking become more free, they can
improve their chances of discovering new unencumbered
perceptions of old problems or entirely new creations.
For this, they can mentally play with the ideas in a
childlike manner. Here is an example story. In a small
Moravian village at the time of the old Austrian empire,
an inspector from the Ministry of Education arrived one
day to visit the schoolroom. It was part of his duty
to make such periodic inspections of the schools.
At the end of the hour, after he had observed the
class, he stood up and said: “I am glad to see that you
children are doing well in your studies. I am satisfied
with your progress. Therefore, before I go, there is one
question I would like to ask. How many hairs does a
horse have?” Very quickly one little nine-year-old boy
raised his hand, to the astonishment of the teacher and
the visitor. He stood up and said, “The horse has
3,571,962 hairs.” The inspector wonderingly asked, “And
how do you know that this is the right number?” The
boy replied, “If you do not believe me, you could count
them yourself.”
The inspector broke into loud laughter, thoroughly
enjoying the boy’s remark. As the teacher escorted him
along the aisle to the door, still laughing heartily, he
said: “What an amusing story! I must tell this story to
my colleagues when I return to Vienna. I can already see
how they will take it; they enjoy nothing better than a
good joke.” And with that, he took his leave.
It was a year later, and the inspector was back again
at the village school for his annual visit. As the teacher
was walking along the aisle with him to the door, he
stopped and said, “By the way, Mr. Inspector, how did
your colleagues like the story of the horse and the
number of his hairs?” The inspector slapped the teacher
on the back. “Oh yes,” he said, “you know, I was
really very anxious to tell that story ― and a fine story
it was ― but you see, I wasn’t able for the life of me
to remember the number of hairs.”

#2014-A 9월(지문 28번 미해결)

#2014-A 9월 27번
You cannot fit objects that occupied a 5,000-
square-foot house in a 2,000-square-foot condominium. If
you are moving to a smaller condominium, that’s great.
Get rid of your belongings and buy the
condominium. It is fruitless to look at condominiums
when you have spent the past 20-odd years in a large
house and then try to move all of your life into the
smaller investment. To do so often leads to frustration
because what you wind up purchasing is an expensive
warehouse for your furniture, and that is usually the
wrong investment. If you want to change your lifestyle,
you must accept the consequences of that decision.
Throwing things out only hurt for a little while.

#2014-A 9월 28번(정답 1번 미해결)
Occasionally, there are children who have trouble
understanding that their clothing choice is inappropriate or
even unhealthy. Some children ① follow the suggestion
that sandals may not be the best option for a snowy day.
For those kids, experience may be the best teacher.
For example, when Lydia was eight years old, she
insisted on wearing her favorite sandals to school despite
warnings that the sidewalks were covered in snow and
slush. Her mom worried that she would arrive at
school with cold, wet feet, but Lydia would not change
her mind. Of course, her mother was right. While Lydia
did have some very uncomfortable toes because they
became soaked and frozen on her way to and from
school, she learned that sometimes fashion isn’t worth
the price of serious discomfort.

#2014-A 9월 44번
The school orchestra was practicing in the auditorium,
and Mr. Grey was clapping his hands to mark the
rhythm when he heard the town emergency siren. “Stop!
Everyone!” he shouted. Then, he ran to the door and
pushed it open. But a burst of wind slammed the door
right back, and it hit him hard. He fell down and didn’t
move. Janet was the oldest kid. And she knew
instantly. This was a tornado.
Kids were shocked to see Mr. Grey fall down, and
they began screaming. Nikki put her mouth next to
Janet’s ear and yelled, “We need help!” Janet was scared
too, but she fought the fear. Janet pulled Nikki and ran
over to the grand piano. She grabbed the whistle out of
her bag and blew it hard three times. Every kid on the
stage turned to look at Janet. In three seconds, all kids
were gathered around her.
Looking at the kids around her, Janet yelled as loudly
as she could, “Rick and Matt, get Mr. Grey on that
cart and roll him over here! Everyone else, grab the
music stands and bring them next to the piano. Hurry!”
When everyone came back, Janet asked five of them to
follow. They ran to where the curtain hung along the
wall of the stage.
Janet grabbed the edge of the curtain and screamed,
“Everyone, grab hold and pull!” When the curtain fell,
they pulled it over the tops of the music stands and the
grand piano. Then, she motioned everyone to get
under the curtain. The wind noise rose again, but Janet
was now safely hidden inside the piano and curtain fort
with the rest of the orchestra. Relieved, they thanked
one another and felt oneness in their hearts.

#2013 9월(지문 21, 31번 미해결)

#2013 9월 19번
A king once boarded a galley ship. As he passed the crew
of slaves, he asked several of them what their offenses
were. Almost every man claimed he was innocent. They laid
the blame on someone else. One young fellow, however,
spoke out, “Sire, I deserve to be here. I stole some money.
No one is at fault but myself. I’m guilty.” Upon hearing this,
the king seized him by the shoulder and shouted, “You
scoundrel! What are you doing here with all these honest
men? Get out of their company at once!” He was then set
free. The key to this prisoner’s freedom was the admission
of his guilt.

#2013 9월 20번
Remember what it was like to report on a daily deadline
for the first time? Or to interview a city official for the first
time? Or to begin to maneuver a desktop publishing
program? We know that the journalism program at our
college was a source of many of these firsts for
you. We’re still providing these important first experiences
to budding young writers and editors. And we’re hoping
you’ll be willing to help these students make it through the
program. As you know, the costs of providing first-rate
education just keep going up. We’ve done everything we can
to contain costs without compromising quality.
One of those things is to set up a scholarship fund for
students with special financial needs. We hope you would
consider contributing generously to our fund. You’ll get a
great feeling knowing you’re helping support
the formation of future leaders in the profession.

#2013 9월 21번(정답 5번 미해결)
Today, the world of innovation is far different from what
it was a century ago. The days of the solitary inventor working
on his own are gone. To oversimplify, basic ideas bubble out
of universities and laboratories in which a group of
researchers work together: both major breakthroughs, like
understanding the genetic structure of life, and smaller
ones, such as advances in mathematics or basic chemistry.
Traditionally, intellectual property has played little role in
promoting basic science. Academia believes in “open
architecture,” meaning that the knowledge that research
produces should be made public to encourage innovation. The
great scientists are driven by an inner quest to understand the
nature of the universe; the extrinsic reward that matters most
to them ⑤ are the recognition of their peers.

#2013 9월 31번(정답 5번 미해결)
Over the course of the past forty years, no country on earth
has cut its alcohol consumption more than France. While
consumption of beer and spirits has stayed basically steady
in France, the per capita consumption of alcohol from wine
fell from 20 liters in 1962 to about 8 in 2001. One reason
for the dwindling wine consumption is the acceleration of
the French meal. In 1978, the average French meal lasted 82
minutes. Plenty of time for half a bottle, if not a whole
bottle. Today, the average French meal has been slashed
down to 38 minutes. Wine is a victim of the disappearance
of the leisurely meal. It is not the target of the change, but
the decline in wine consumption is a ⑤ cause of the
emergence of the faster, more modern, on-the-go lifestyle.

#2013 9월 32번
One of the most commonly cited reasons for keeping a pet
animal is for the companionship it can provide. The general
term companionship usually translates into partaking in
shared activities, such as walking the dog, playing with the
cat. However, such behavioral interactions between humans
and pet animals are usually asymmetrically organized.
Humans tend to interact with their pets when they feel like
it, rather than consistently responding to
the animal’s demands for attention. In addition, it is often
observed that once interaction between humans and pets has
arisen, the termination of such interactional sequences
invariably originates from the human. This
suggests that activities like walking the dog and playing with
the cat only arise when time can be spared from the human
owner’s other commitments. Therefore, if one views activity
as a global concept ― involving instigation, performance, and
termination ― labeling certain forms of human-pet interaction
as shared activities may be appealing.

#2013 9월 49번
Maureen Ferris was my best friend and I sometimes
visited her house after school. Her mother was stern and
meticulous about house cleaning. My mother, on the other
hand, did not care as much about a messy house. She had
sauce stains on her apron and sometimes allowed the
laundry to pile up. In the midst of her chores, my mother
spent time reading. This was her time away from endless
hours of child care and housework. Unironed school blouses
and a dirty kitchen might make her feel guilty, but her
reading never did.
One day, as I played in Maureen’s clean house, her mom
fixed me with her cool gray eyes and said, “Your
mother’s nice, but she reads too much.” I was stunned. The
next time I caught my mother reading in her little patch of
sunlight, I studied her in the doorway and decided her
apron could use a washing. Shame flushed through me.
Reading was the cause ― pleasure-reading in broad daylight.
Silently, I made vows that would keep me from sharing my
mother’s fate.
I tried my best not to follow in her footsteps, but I
didn’t know that it was already too late for me. The way
I treasured my books revealed the extent of how much I
was already like my mother. The years passed in a blur of
covertly turned pages until I was a grown-up schoolteacher
with a husband and children of my own. I struggled
mightily with my own desire to open a novel in brazen
daylight. My only guiltless reading occurred at night, when
the dishes were rattling in the dishwasher and the kids
were in bed.
I carried over the love of reading to my workplace as
well. Off I’d go to work each day, passing on the gift of
reading to my students. I’d watch as they discovered they
could read and make sense of the letters and the words on
a page. All over the world there was agreement that this was
important, as important as eating or thinking or working.
And then one day, I finally understood what she had
tried to show us, that reading was housework of the very
best kind.

#2012 9월(지문 21, 33번 미해결)

#2012 9월 19번
Switching on the light in the nursery, Evelyn found her
baby daughter, Julie, tossing feverishly and giving out odd
little cries. She put her hand against Julie’s cheeks. They
were burning. With an exclamation, she followed her
baby’s arm down under the cover until she found her little
hand. The whole thumb was swollen to the wrist and in the
center was a little inflamed sore. She rushed to the
phone. Doctor Foulke, the family physician, sounded upset at
being called out of bed at midnight. She ran back to the
nursery to check on her daughter. Taking a closer look, she
found her thumb to be somewhat more swollen. She
knelt beside the bed and began smoothing back Julie’s hair
over and over.

#2012 9월 20번
You have to pay close attention to someone’s normal
pattern in order to notice a deviation from it when he or she
lies. Sometimes the variation is as subtle as a
pause. Other times it is obvious and abrupt. I recently saw a
news interview with an acquaintance who I was
certain was going to lie about a few particularly sensitive
issues, and lie she did. During most of her interview she was
calm and direct, but when she started lying, her manner
changed dramatically: she threw her head back, laughed in
‘disbelief,’ and shook her head back and forth. It is true that
the questions dealt with very personal issues,
but I have found that in general, no matter how touchy the
question, if a person is telling the truth his or her manner
will not change significantly or abruptly.

#2012 9월 21번(정답 5번 미해결)
way we explore and learn about the vast detailed intricacy
of human culture and individual behavior. And it is,
importantly, the way in which most cultural anthropologists
earn and maintain their professional standing. Some of the
early personal accounts of anthropologists in the field make
fieldwork sound exciting, adventuresome, certainly exotic,
sometimes easy. Malinowski, the classic anthropological
fieldworker, describes the early stages of fieldwork as ‘a strange,
sometimes unpleasant, sometimes intensely interesting
adventure which soon adopts quite a natural course.’ He
goes on to describe his daily routine of strolling through the
village ⑤ observed the intimate details of family life, and as
he tells it, such observations seem possible and accessible.

#2012 9월 32번
From the twelve million articles on Wikipedia to the
millions of free secondhand goods offered on websites,
we are discovering that money is not the only motivator.
Altruism has always existed, but the Web
gives it a platform where the actions of individuals can have
global impact. In a sense, zero-cost distribution has turned
sharing into an industry. From the point of view of the
monetary economy it all looks free ― indeed, it looks like
unfair competition ― but that says more about our shortsighted
ways of measuring value than it does about the worth of what
is created. The incentives to share can range
from reputation and attention to less measurable factors such
as expression, fun, satisfaction, and simply self-interest.
Sometimes the giving is unintentional . You
give information to Google when you have a public website,
whether you intend to or not, and you give aluminum cans
to the homeless guy who collects them from the recycling
bin, even if that is not what you meant to do.

#2012 9월 33번(정답 4번 미해결)
Life is full of hazards. Disease, enemies and starvation are
always menacing primitive man. Experience teaches him
that medicinal herbs, valor, the most strenuous labor, often
come to naught, yet normally he wants to survive and
enjoy the good things of existence. Faced with this problem,
he takes to any method that seems adapted to his ends.
Often his ways appear incredibly crude to us moderns
until we remember how our next-door neighbor acts in like
emergencies. When medical science pronounces him ④ curable,
he will not resign himself to fate but runs to the nearest
quack who holds out hope of recovery. His urge for
self-preservation will not down, nor will that of the illiterate
peoples of the world, and in that overpowering will to live is
anchored the belief in supernaturalism, which is absolutely
universal among known peoples, past and present.

#2012 9월 47번
I grew up in a small town in northern California,
between wide-open ranchland and dark forests, feeling at
home in two places: the wild land and books. I read
constantly, hungrily, and without direction, collecting a
strange stew of facts and ideas about the rest of the
world. I longed for a world away from what I knew
and outrageously outside my means.
One morning I came across a catalog for a college
preparatory school called Billups Academy. It had a
summer program and offered scholarships for high
school students to ‘deepen and extend their intellectual,
aesthetic, and moral interests.’ I applied for and won a
scholarship. Billups wasn’t just another school ― it was
another world. I was used to big skies, wild water,
snakes and horses, and solitude. What waited for me in
this new world was tree-lined avenues, brick
buildings with white pillars, and a wood-paneled library.
Unlike back at home, in the new school, I was no
longer the smartest kid in the classroom. I wasn’t the most
talented, or the least. Before going to Billups, one of my
dreams was to become a photographer. That dream came to
an abrupt halt in a photography class. There was no
denying in the other students’ pictures that they were far
more talented than I was. I became severely depressed as
one dream after another faded from me. Then, on the last
night of the summer program, it hit me. I had been blind
to a lesson that was staring at me in the face.
The important lesson I learned at Billups ― the world
was a lot bigger than I had imagined it to be ― was a little
painful. It meant I was a lot smaller than I’d realized. I
went on to attend a state university and I began to write
about my disappearing dreams and new dreams, about
wishing and disappointment and feeling small. One day a
professor there took hold of me and said, “You’re a
writer.” Until then, I hadn’t really known. I had to figure
out who I was not going to be before I could get on to
who I was. The lesson from Billups lay below the surface,
but when I began to write, it rose like flowers and bloomed
into words and stories and books, and me.

#2011 9월(지문 20, 32번 미해결)

#2011 9월 19번
There was a girl who grew flowers in New Jersey and
sometimes took flowers to customers on Staten Island. To get
there, she had to go over a bridge paying a toll of $2.50.
One day, as she was approaching the toll booth, she saw a
toll booth attendant who reminded her of her mother. As
she reached in her pocket, she found she had no money
but a half dollar. Not knowing what to do, she handed the
coin to her and asked nervously, “Want to buy a fresh red
rose?” The attendant looked surprised at first, but glancing
at the cars piling up behind her, she took two dollars from
her purse and rang it up on the cash register. “Yes, I’ll take
it,” she said with a smile. “And I suppose the price is two
dollars even, right?”

#2011 9월 20번(정답 5번 미해결)
The phrase, ‘jack-of-all-trades’ is a shortened version
of ‘jack of all trades and master of none.’ It refers to those
who claim to be proficient at countless tasks, but cannot
perform a single one of them well. The phrase was first
used in England at the start of the Industrial Revolution. A
large number of efficiency experts set up shop in London,
advertising themselves as knowledgeable about every
type of new manufacturing process, trade, and business. For
a substantial fee, they would impart their knowledge to their
clients. But it soon became evident that their knowledge
was limited and of no practical value. Doubtful industrialists
started calling these self-appointed experts ‘jacks of all
trades and masters of none.’ These experts are still with us,
and as a result so ⑤ does the phrase.

#2011 9월 21번
Mr. Potter was sailing for Europe on one of the greatest
transatlantic ocean liners. When he went on board, he found
another passenger was to share the cabin with
him. After going to see the accommodations, he came up to
the purser’s desk and inquired if he could leave
his valuables in the ship’s safe. Mr. Potter explained that
ordinarily he never availed himself of that privilege, but he
had been to his cabin and had met the man who was to
occupy the other bed. Judging from his appearance, he
was afraid that he might not be a very trustworthy person.
The purser accepted the responsibility for the valuables and
remarked, “It’s all right. I’ll be very glad to
take care of them for you. The other man has been up here
and left his valuables for the same reason!”

#2011 9월 31번
When it comes to food choices, young people are
particularly vulnerable to peer influences. A
teenage girl may eat nothing but a lettuce salad for lunch,
even though she will become hungry later, because that is
what her friends are eating. A slim boy who hopes to make
the wrestling team may routinely overload his plate with foods
that are dense in carbohydrates and proteins to
‘bulk up’ like the wrestlers of his school. An overweight teen
may eat moderately while around his friends
but then devour huge portions when alone. Few young
people are completely free of food-related pressures from
peers, whether or not these pressures are imposed intentionally.

#2011 9월 32번(정답 2번 미해결)
It is said that although people laugh in the same way, they
don’t necessarily laugh at the same things. If this is true of a
single community, it is even more true of people who live in
different societies, because the topics that people find amusing,
and the occasions that are regarded as appropriate for joking,
can vary enormously from one society to the next. Some styles
of humor with silly actions are guaranteed to raise a laugh
everywhere. But because of their reliance on shared assumptions,
most jokes travel very ② well. This is particularly noticeable
in the case of jokes that involve a play on words. They are
difficult, and in some cases virtually impossible to translate
into other languages. Therefore, this is why people’s attempts
to tell jokes to foreigners are so often met with blank stares.

#2010 9월(지문 22, 30번 미해결)

#2010 9월 19번
For a year Danny had trained hard to master the famous
Pikes Peak Marathon. But when running the actual marathon,
he was feeling weary and tired. In a narrow path through
the woods, he got stuck behind a slow, weak runner wearing
a T-shirt with ‘Bob’s #4’ written on the back. He felt
even more tired because he had to lag behind the fellow.
As he was finally overtaking the runner, out of curiosity,
he asked him, “What’s Bob’s #4?” “My friend Bob had
a dream to run this marathon four times,” he answered.
“He ran it three times, but then last year he died. So I
decided to complete his dream for him. This is Bob’s #4.”
Suddenly, all the exhaustion he had been feeling during
the race disappeared.

#2010 9월 21번
No matter what we are shopping for, it is not primarily
a brand we are choosing, but a culture, or rather the
people associated with that culture. Whether
you wear torn jeans or like to recite poetry, by doing so
you make a statement of belonging to a group of people.
Who we believe we are is a result of the
choices we make about who we want to be like, and we
subsequently demonstrate this desired likeness to others
in various and often subtle ways. Artificial as this process
is, this is what becomes our ‘identity,’ an identity
grounded on all the superficial differences
we distinguish between ourselves and others. This, after all,
is what we are shopping for: self-identity, knowledge of
who we are.

#2010 9월 22번(정답 4번 미해결)
Almost every day I play a game with myself that I
call ‘time machine.’ I made it up in response to my
erroneous belief that what I was all worked up about was
really important. To play ‘time machine’ all you have to
do is to imagine that whatever circumstance you are
dealing with is not happening right now but a year from
now. It might be an argument with your spouse, a mistake,
or a lost opportunity, but it is highly likely that a year
from now you are not going to care. It will be one more
irrelevant detail in your life. While this simple game will
not solve ④every your problems, it can give you an enormous
amount of needed perspective. I find myself laughing at
things that I used to take far too seriously.

#2010 9월 29번
Efficiency means producing a specific end rapidly, with the
least amount of cost. The idea of efficiency is
specific to the interests of the industry or business, but is
typically advertised as a benefit to the customer.
Examples are plentiful: the salad bars, filling your own cup,
self-service gasoline, ATMs, microwave dinners and convenience
stores which are different from the old-time groceries where
you gave your order to the grocer. The interesting element here
is that the customer often ends up doing the work that
previously was done for them. And the customer ends up
spending more time and being forced to learn new
technologies, remember more numbers, and often pay higher
prices in order for the business to operate more efficiently,
or maintain a higher profit margin.

#2010 9월 30번(정답 3번 미해결)(그림)
The three pictures above represent a model of the effects of
global warming on permafrost regions. Permafrost is frozen
ground that remains at or below 0℃ for more than two
years. Most of the world’s permafrost has been frozen for
millennia, trapping massive amounts of carbon in organic
material. In areas of extreme cold presented in Picture 1,
permafrost is thousands of feet thick and lies below a
layer of soil a few feet deep called the active layer, which
freezes and thaws with the seasons. Where the average
annual air temperature is slightly below freezing, permafrost
is scattered as in Picture 2. Compared to Picture 1, the
permafrost in Picture 2 is topped by a ③ shallower active
layer. In Picture 3, in permafrost regions that now
experience shorter, milder winters, the area of permafrost is
reduced further, compared to Picture 2. Carbon dioxide
and methane are freed into the atmosphere and more
trees and plants grow as in Picture 3.

#2009 9월(지문 21, 29번 미해결)

#2009 9월 19번
Kameron once worked hard for several weeks building a
wall made of railroad ties in his backyard. When he
was almost finished, his neighbor, Mr. Brown, regretfully
asked him if he could please take out the railroad ties and
use rocks instead. He simply explained that his wife
did not want to look at a railroad tie wall for the rest of
her life. Kameron could not believe the nerve of this
neighbor to ask such a thing when he had almost
finished the wall. Although he did not fully understand his
reasoning, he knew the Browns would be his neighbors
for a long time. Although it cost him another week of
extra work, he did what the neighbors requested and
replaced the ties with rocks.

#2009 9월 20번
If you need to buy food, there is probably a shop or a
department store close to your home that sells just
what you want. But shopping has not always
been so easy. Shops started only with the introduction of
money. In earlier times, people traded crops or objects
they had made in exchange for the goods they needed.
The first shops sold just a few products such
as meat and bread. In 1850, the first department store, a
shop which sells many different items under one roof,
opened in Paris. Self-service stores developed in the
United States in the 1930s. They replaced the old methods
of serving customers individually by selling sold
prepackaged goods straight from the shelves.

#2009 9월 21번(정답 5번 미해결)
Chocolate can last in a cool, dry place for up to a year.
When the temperature in your cupboard averages above
75 degrees Fahrenheit, chocolate may quickly develop thin
white layers caused by the separation of cocoa butter.
You can still eat this chocolate, even though it should not
be used for decorations, as it tends to break easily.
Though chocolate may be kept in the refrigerator or freezer,
it will take on the smells of other foods in time, so taste
before using. Also, ⑤ making sure to bring chocolate to
room temperature before eating, as frozen bits of chocolate
always strike me as rather hard and tasteless.

#2009 9월 27번
It is surprising just how tolerant some cats and kittens
can be with babies and young children, but this is not
something you should put to the test. You must teach
children not to disturb the cat especially by
grabbing at him when he is resting in his bed. Discourage
young children from picking up kittens and cats, because
they may squeeze them too hard around the
belly and make them hate being carried for life. Instead,
encourage the cat to climb on the child’s lap and remain
there to be petted. Show children how to stroke the cat and
how to pick him up and carry him. The cat should never be
held down during these encounters ; be sure
that the child understands that he or she must allow the
cat to walk away whenever he wishes.

#2009 9월 29번(정답 2번 미해결)(그림)
The above flower spreads out into a circle when you
look straight into its face. The buttonlike structure sitting
right in the middle of the flower is actually formed
from many tiny flowers called disk flowers. The disk
flowers ② include petals which are actually individual
flowers called ray flowers. The ray flowers radiate out
from the rim of the disk flowers and reach to the edge
of the whole flower. You can draw the flower easily with
the following procedure. First, draw two dotted lines that
will quarter the flower, imagining its shape. This
enables you to draw the ray flowers correctly and keep
track of where you are. Next, draw two circle guidelines:
The inner one indicates the outline of the disk flowers,
and the outer one, the extent of the ray flowers. Then, fill
the inner circle with disk flowers and the outer one with
ray flowers.

#2009 9월 47번
When it comes to talking, I have observed two basic
personality types. The first I call the ‘Dead Sea.’ People
with this personality type have many experiences,
emotions, and thoughts throughout the day. They have a
large reservoir where they store that information, and
they are perfectly happy not to talk. On the other
extreme is the ‘Babbling Brook.’ For this personality,
whatever enters into the eye gate or the ear gate comes
out the mouth gate.
Many times a Dead Sea marries a Babbling Brook.
That happens because when they are dating, it is a very
attractive match. If you are a Dead Sea and you date a
Babbling Brook, you will have a wonderful evening.
You do not have to think, “How will I get the
conversation started tonight? How will I keep the
conversation flowing?” In fact, you do not have to
think at all. All you have to do is nod your head and
say, “Uh-huh,” and she will fill up the whole evening
and you will go home saying, “What a wonderful
person!”
On the other hand, if you are a Babbling Brook and you
date a Dead Sea, you will have an equally wonderful
evening because Dead Seas are the world’s best listeners.
You will talk continuously for three hours. He will listen
intently to you, and you will go home saying, “What
a wonderful person!” You attract each other.
But five years after marriage, the Babbling Brook
wakes up one morning and says, “We’ve been married
five years, and I don’t know you.” The Dead Sea is
saying, “I know you too well. I wish you would stop the
flow and give me a break.” The good news is that Dead
Seas can learn to talk and Babbling Brooks can learn
to listen. We are influenced by our personality but not
controlled by it.

#2008 9월(지문 22, 29번 미해결)

#2008 9월 19번
Whether woven or printed, a fine tie is a work of art
from beginning to end. Woven s ilk ties are the most
luxurious of all. Though less common today, they
were at one time the essential accessory of a true
gentleman. Because of their high manufacturing cost,
woven silk ties are very expensive. This in part accounts
for the fact that they now represent only five percent
of tie production. But they will never fall entirely by
the wayside and will make periodic comebacks. Printed
silk ties are much cheaper and simpler than their
woven counterparts. However, silk printing demands a
high level of technical mastery.

#2008 9월 21번
I had twenty village girls to teach, some of them with
such a strong country accent that I could
hardly communicate with them. Only three could read,
and none could write, so at the end of my first day I
felt quite depressed at the thought of the
hard work ahead of me. But I reminded myself that I
was fortunate to have any sort of job, and that I would
certainly get used to teaching these
girls, who, although they were very poor, might be as
good and as intelligent as children from the greatest
families in England.

#2008 9월 22번(정답 2번 미해결)
The bodies of flowing ice we call glaciers are the
most spectacular of natural features. They result from
densely packed snow. Unlike a stream, a glacier cannot
be seen ② move. Accurate measurements, however,
show that it is flowing. Erosion of bedrock by glaciers
and deposits of the eroded materials are characteristic and
easily recognizable. Their distribution enables us to
infer that in the recent past glaciers have been far more
extens ive than they are today. At the same time, this
evidence has raised the problem of the cause of the
‘ice ages.’

#2008 9월 28번
The day of the whale is rapidly approaching its end.
Some species of whales are already extinct.
Others are being reduced in number faster than they can
reproduce. When whales are gone, the whole chain of life
in the sea, as we know it, will be upset. And
eventually this will have a direct effect on the life of man,
too. Although there are international agreements signed by
some governments, people are killing whales without
cons idering what future consequences
this will have. Let’s save whales, friends of the earth.

#2008 9월 29번(정답 3번 미해결)(그림)
When a ballet dancer leaps across the stage in a grand
jump, her center of mass faithfully follows a parabolic
path during the jump. The distance between the top of
her head and her center of mass changes depending
upon the movements of her legs. When she stretches
her legs out horizontally after her feet leave the stage, her
center of mass moves upward. It results in an ③ increase
in the dis tance between the top of her head and her
center of mass. In contrast, when the dancer lowers her
legs toward the ground, the opposite occurs. The height of
the top of her head remains constant throughout the
jump. The result gives the impression that the dancer is
drifting through the air.

#2008 9월 49번
Mel, a chimpanzee in Gombe, Nigeria, was three years
old when his mother died. He had no elder brother or
sister to adopt him. To our amazement, he was adopted
by a twelve-year-old chimpanzee, Spindle, who was
certainly not related to Mel. As weeks passed, the two
became inseparable. Spindle took care of Mel while
traveling; he permitted the infant to ride on his back,
even allowed him to hang beneath, as a mother carries
her baby. Most remarkably, if Mel got too close to the big
males, Spindle would hurry to remove his small charge
from danger even though this meant he got into trouble
himself.
For a whole year, this relationship endured, and there
was no doubt that Spindle saved Mel’s life. Why did
Spindle act that way, burdening himself with the care of
a sickly youngster? Probably we shall never know,
but it is interesting to reflect that during the plague
that claimed Mel’s mother, Spindle’s mother also
died. Is it possible that Spindle’s loss of his mother
left an empty space in his life? And that the contact
with a dependent baby helped to fill that space? Or
did Spindle experience an emotion similar to that which
we call revenge? Perhaps the lonely chimpanzee
felt a mixture of both.

#2007 9월(지문 22, 29번 미해결)

#2007 9월 21번
Our basic nature is to act, and not to be acted upon. Not
only does this enable us to choose our response to particular
circumstances, but this encourages us to create
circumstances. Taking the initiative means recognizing our
responsibility to make things happen. Over the years, I
have frequently counseled people who wanted
better jobs to show more initiative. The response is usually
agreement. Most people can see how powerfully
such an approach would affect their opportunities for
employment or advancement.

#2007 9월 22번(정답 3번 미해결)
We have long known about IQ and rational
intelligence. And, in part because of recent advances in
neuroscience and psychology, we have begun to appreciate
the importance of emotional intelligence. But we are
largely ③ ignorant of that there is such a thing as
visual intelligence. Vision is normally so swift and sure, so
dependable and informative, and apparently so effortless
that we take it for granted.

#2007 9월 28번
The traditionally trained painters, who were previously
confined mostly to exact copy of natural
objects, enjoyed an important outlet, impressionist art, at
the end of the nineteenth century. Especially, many French
painters produced enormous quantities of impressionistic art,
inspired by the characteristic images of natural objects.
These works reflected the major themes of the
times such as love and nature, and the new techniques of
painting intensified and illuminated those themes. Most
impressionist painters contributed to the new
movement of fine art. Manet’s output was particularly
excellent in capturing the changes of sunlight.

#2007 9월 29번(정답 5번 미해결)(그림)
There are millions of people who require different
lenses to see near and faraway objects. They use bifocals,
which are very tiring to wear. Now a practical alternative
is on the horizon. A group of researchers have created an
experimental model of a pair of electronic eyeglasses that
can refocus automatically. As illustrated above, they
are equipped with a small battery. With a flip of a
switch, the battery sends electricity to patterned
electrodes coated on the lens. Then the molecules in
the liquid-crystal layer sandwiched between the two
lenses rotate, altering the way they bend light. In less
than a second, the lens ⑤ distorts focus.

#2007 9월 47번
There was a man who had four sons. He wanted his
sons to learn not to judge things too quickly. So he
sent them each on a quest, in turn, to go and look at a
pear tree that was a great distance away.
The first son he sent in the winter, the second in
the spring, the third in the summer, and the youngest
son in the fall. When they had all gone and come back,
he called them together to describe what they had
seen.
The first son said that the tree was ugly, bent, and
twisted. The second son said it was covered with green
buds and full of promise. The third son disagreed; he
said it was filled with blossoms that smelled so sweet
and looked so beautiful. The last son disagreed with all
of them; he said it was ripe and bending with fruit, full
of life and fulfillment.
The man then explained to his sons that they were all
right because they had each seen only one season in the
tree’s life. He said, “You should not judge a tree by
only one season. The same is true of people’s lives. A
person’s life can only be measured at the end, when all
the seasons are up. Therefore, sons, don’t give up when
it’s winter. If you do, you will miss the promise of
your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the
fulfillment of your fall.”

#2006 9월(스캔)

#2005 9월(지문 31번 미해결)

#2005 9월 20번
It was World War I, just after the outbreak of hostilities.
The two captains of the luxurious and gigantic pass enger
ships, the British ocean liner Carmania and the German
liner Cap Trafalgar, were both ordered to convert their
vess els into armed merchant cruisers. Because either
would have been an easy victim of a determined enemy,
disguise was essential. By coincidence, each captain
decided to disguise his ship as the other. By an even
greater coincidence, they met in the South Atlantic. The
outcome was a remarkable engagement that ranks as
one of the most curious naval conflicts of all time.

#2005 9월 21번
a violent storm with extremely strong winds
and heavy rain resulting in flooding and
homelessness
a heavy fall of earth and rocks down the s ide of
a mountain sweeping away villages and roads
a sudden shaking movement of the ground
causing des truction of buildings

#2005 9월 29번
Smoking is prohibited in all Smithsonian
facilities. Pets (except service animals) are not permitted in
the museums or the National Zoo. The use of cameras and
video cameras is permitted in all permanent collection
galleries except in special exhibition areas. However, flash
photography is not permitted inside museums unless
permission is granted by the Public Affairs Office.

#2005 9월 30번
Home Mas ter delivers over thirty years of cleaning
experience right to your front door. Our van comes with
highly-trained profess ionals equipped with exclusive
cleaning solutions and the latest equipment. Together
they get your furniture, floors, windows, and balconies their
cleanest. Three hours will be enough for us to make your
home free of any dirt. Our service is guaranteed
to improve the quality of your living environment.
Call today to schedule your free in-home consultation.

#2005 9월 31번(정답 3번 (B), (E) 미해결)
The first thing a doctor will need to know includes
what kind and how much of the poisonous plant was
eaten, (B) when was it eaten, and what part of the plant
was consumed. The doctor will also need to know how old
the patient is and whether they have vomited after
eating the plant. If possible, save what remains of the plant
that was eaten and let the doctor (E) to see it for
identification purposes as there are specific treatments for
different plant poisons.

#2005 9월 48번
One of the most common barriers to effective learning
is that people do not pay attention to s ituations in which
new information is presented. Think about what your
father or mother wore to work this morning. Can you
remember what tie he had on? Which blouse
she wore? What color your brother’s T-shirt was? By
actively looking and making a conscious effort to take
in this type of information, trivial as it may seem, you
begin to train your brain to log in details . By
engaging in this type of observation process , we can
absorb details and meaning from a new face, event,
or conversation, which helps us to remember it.
When we have little interest in something, it is
often difficult to remember because we are not
paying full attention. Many of us forget names
s econds after being introduced to someone new. We
need to slow down just enough to notice what is
being said and decide whether it is important or
not. Samuel Johnson s imply puts it this way, “The
true art of memory is the art of attention.”
Memory for street directions is an excellent
example. If you drive yourself to a new place by
following directions, you’ll probably remember how
to get there days or even weeks later. If you are
merely a passenger on your first trip, you are likely
to get lost on your firs t solo trip. The goal in active
observation is to mentally stay in the driver’s seat.

#2004 9월(지문 28번 미해결)

#2004 9월 20번
Robin Hood and his men have been described as a band
of successful robbers. However, to me, they were great
adventurers.

band 1. thin flat strip used for fastening things together
or for placing round an object to streng then it: Tie
th e pa pers with a rubb er b and. 2. line on something,
differen t in color or design from the rest: a white
p late with a red band round the edge 3. particular
range of number s or values: a very wid e band of
radio frequencies 4. group of people with a common
purpose: a g rowing band of sup porters 5. group of
musicians: They’ re a rock band, not a brass band.

#2004 9월 26번
Suffering from Lou Gehrig’s disease, Stephen Hawking,
aged 56, is unable to speak or move anything
except his eyes and three fingers. But the Cambridge
University physicist, widely regarded as the
greatest cosmic thinker since Albert Einstein, is attempting
nothing less than “a complete understanding of the universe.”
No one, however, has dared accuse him of arrogant pride.
After all, this is the guy whose 1988 book
A Brief History of Time proved the biggest unread bestseller
of all time.

#2004 9월 28번(정답 3번 미해결)
Alice got up late this morning and hurriedly went out
of her apartment. Realizing that the elevator was not
working, she walked down 10 floors. When she reached
her car, it occurred to her that she might have
forgotten ③ turning off the gas range. With a sigh,
she climbed breathlessly up the stairs, only to find that
the range had been turned off. It goes without saying that
she was blamed by her boss for not being on time.




















































