#2019 수능
The tables above show the top ten origin countries and the number of international students enrolled in U.S. colleges and universities in two school years, 1979-1980 and 2016-2017. The total number of international students in 2016-2017 was over three times larger than the total number of international students in 1979-1980. Iran, Taiwan, and Nigeria were the top three origin countries of international students in 1979-1980, among which only Taiwan was included in the list of the top ten origin countries in 2016-2017. The number of students from India was over twenty times larger in 2016-2017 than in 1979-1980, and India ranked higher than China in 2016-2017. South Korea, which was not included among the top ten origin countries in 1979-1980, ranked third in 2016-2017. Although the number of students from Japan was larger in 2016-2017 than in 1979-1980, Japan ranked lower in 2016-2017 than in 1979-1980.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, an American author born in Washington, D.C. in 1896, wrote novels with rural themes and settings. While she was young, one of her stories appeared in The Washington Post. After graduating from university, Rawlings worked as a journalist while simultaneously trying to establish herself as a fiction writer. In 1928, she purchased an orange grove in Cross Creek, Florida. This became the source of inspiration for some of her writings which included The Yearling and her autobiographical book, Cross Creek. In 1939, The Yearling, which was about a boy and an orphaned baby deer, won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Later, in 1946, The Yearling was made into a film of the same name. Rawlings passed away in 1953, and the land she owned at Cross Creek has become a Florida State Park honoring her achievements. 
Soar through the treetops over Lost Forest on our thrilling Flying Eagle Zipline! Feel the thrill of flying like an eagle! ∙Age requirement: 13 years old and over ∙Price:￡20 ∙Zipline length: 500 metres ∙Duration: 30 minutes (including safety instruction) ∙Restrictions: －People with back problems or serious heart conditions －Weight: over 125 kg －Height: under 120 cm ※We do not take responsibility for lost valuables. ※No advanced reservations are necessary. Please visit our website at www.flyingeaglezip.co.uk for more information.
Wireless Smartphone Charging: 1. Connect the charging pad to a power source. 2. Place your smartphone on the charging pad with the display facing up. 3. Place your smartphone on the center of the charging pad (or it will not charge). Charge Status LED: ∙Blue Light: Your smartphone is charging. If there’s a problem, the blue light will flash. ∙White Light: Your smartphone is fully charged. Caution: ∙Do not place anything between your smartphone and the charging pad while charging. ∙The charging pad is not water-resistant. Keep it dry. 
Olivia and her sister Ellie were standing with Grandma in the middle of the cabbages. Suddenly, Grandma asked, “Do you know what a Cabbage White is?” “Yes, I learned about it in biology class. It’s a beautiful white butterfly,” Olivia answered. “Right! But it lays its eggs on cabbages, and then the caterpillars eat the cabbage leaves! So, why don’t you help me to pick the caterpillars up?” Grandma suggested. The two sisters gladly agreed and went back to the house to get ready. Soon, armed with a small bucket each, Olivia and Ellie went back to Grandma. When they saw the cabbage patch, they suddenly remembered how vast it was. There seemed to be a million cabbages. Olivia stood open-mouthed at the sight of the endless cabbage field. She thought they could not possibly pick all of the caterpillars off. Olivia sighed in despair. Grandma smiled at her and said, “Don’t worry. We are only working on this first row here today.” Relieved, she and Ellie started on the first cabbage.The caterpillars wriggled as they were picked up while Cabbage Whites filled the air around them. It was as if the butterflies were making fun of Olivia; they seemed to be laughing at her, suggesting that they would lay millions more eggs. The cabbage patch looked like a battlefield. Olivia felt like she was losing the battle, but she fought on. She kept filling her bucket with the caterpillars until the bottom disappeared. Feeling exhausted and discouraged, she asked Grandma, “Why don’t we just get rid of all the butterflies, so that there will be no more eggs or caterpillars?” 

#2018 수능
The above graph shows the sales of four types of ethical produce in the UK in 2010 and 2015. In 2015, the sales of each of the four types of ethical produce showed an increase from the sales of its corresponding type in 2010. Among the four types of ethical produce, the sales of Organic ranked the highest in 2010 but ranked the second highest in 2015. Among the four types of ethical produce, Rainforest Alliance recorded the second highest sales in 2010 and recorded the highest sales in 2015. The sales of Fairtrade in 2015 were twice as high as those in 2010. In both 2010 and 2015, the sales of Vegetarian meat alternatives were the lowest among the four types of ethical produce.
The late photographer Jim Marshall is regarded as one of the most celebrated photographers of the 20th century. He holds the distinction of being the first and only photographer to be presented with the Grammy Trustees Award. He started as a professional photographer in 1959. He was given unrivaled access to rock’s biggest artists, including the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, and Ray Charles. He was the only photographer granted backstage access for the Beatles’ final full concert and also shot the Rolling Stones on their historic 1972 tour. He formed special bonds with the artists he worked with and those relationships helped him capture some of his most vivid and iconic imagery. Over a 50-year career, the photographs he took appeared on more than 500 album covers. He was passionate about his work up until the end. “I have no kids,” he used to say. “My photographs are my children.” 
2018 CVL Volleyball Camp The College Volleyball League (CVL) is hosting a camp for high school students from January 23 to 27. Training Program After a brief skills test, participants will be trained based on their levels. ∙Basic Level: serving, tossing, and spiking ∙Advanced Level: individual plays and team strategies Daily Schedule ∙9 a.m.－11 a.m.: one-on-one skills training ∙1 p.m.－4 p.m.: practice game sessions Note ∙Participation fee is $100. ∙Participants will receive a volleyball and a camp T-shirt. ∙College volleyball players will visit to offer advice to participants on the final day of the camp. For more information, visit our website at www.CVL.org.
∙Date: Saturday, December 2, 2017 ∙Place: Peterson National Park ∙Registration & Safety Instruction: 9:00 a.m.－9:30 a.m. ∙Start Time: 10:00 a.m. How to Participate ∙Each participant should set a goal for donation by choosing only one of the following courses:   －Course A: 2 miles ($20)    －Course B: 3 miles ($30)   －Course C: 5 miles ($50 or more) ∙Participants should make their donations before the start. What to Bring ∙Participants should bring comfortable shoes and sunscreen. ∙Lunch is not provided, so please bring your own refreshments. Participants who complete their hike will receive a medal. For more information, please call 234-567-1234

#2017 수능 
The two pie charts above show how much of the information found using search engines is considered to be accurate or trustworthy by two groups of respondents (AP & NWP teachers and U.S. adult search users) in 2012. As for AP & NWP teachers, five percent say that “All/Almost all” of the information found using search engines is accurate or trustworthy, while 28 percent of U.S. adult search users say the same. The largest percentage of both AP & NWP teachers and U.S. adult search users answer that “Most” of the information is accurate or trustworthy. In addition, 40 percent of AP & NWP teachers say that “Some” of the information is accurate or trustworthy, and more than 30 percent of U.S. adult search users respond the same. U.S. adult search users saying that “Very little/None” of the information found using search engines is accurate or trustworthy account for less than five percent. The percentage of U.S. adult search users who answer “Don’t know” is only one percent.
Even though he won many Academy Awards, Miloš Forman was not a U.S. born filmmaker. Forman grew up in a small town near Prague. Orphaned when his parents died during World War II, he was raised by his relatives. In the 1950s, Forman studied film at the film school of the University of Prague. Throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s, Forman acted as either writer or assistant director on several films. Later, he emigrated to the U.S. and continued to make films. In 1975, he directed One Flew over the Cuckoo’s Nest, which became only the second film in history to win Oscars in all the five major categories. Afterward, the movie Amadeus, a celebration of the genius of Mozart, which he also directed, swept eight Oscars including one for best director. With Jan Novák, Forman wrote his autobiography, Turnaround: A Memoir, which was published in 1994. 
November 21－27 3rd Floor Gallery in the Student Union Hours: 10:00 a.m.－5:00 p.m. (Monday－Friday) 11:00 a.m.－3:00 p.m. (Saturday & Sunday) ∙Fremont Art College will be hosting its 7th Annual Art Exhibition for one week. ∙Paintings, ceramic works, and photographs submitted by students will be exhibited. All exhibits are for sale, and all money raised will be donated to charity. ∙The exhibition is free to all. ∙Taking photos is allowed inside the exhibition hall. ∙Free snacks will be available at the cafeteria. For more information, please visit our website at www.fremontart.edu.

#2016 수능
The above graph shows the results of a survey conducted in 2012. It compares the percentage of parents of minor children (hereafter, parents) and that of other adults in terms of their involvement in six library activities. Most notably, the percentage of parents is higher than that of other adults in all activity types. ②The percentage of parents who browsed shelves is the same as that of parents who borrowed print books. The percentage gap between parents and other adults is largest in the activity of attending classes or events for children and is smallest in the activity of using computers or the Internet. The percentage of other adults who browsed shelves is twice as high as that of other adults who borrowed DVDs, CDs, or videotapes. Finally, the percentage of parents who borrowed e-books is less than 10% but is higher than that of other adults who did the same activity.
Known for his devotion to each of his paintings, Protogenes was an ancient Greek painter and a rival of Apelles. He was born in Caunus, on the coast of Caria, but lived most of his life in Rhodes. Little else is known of him. But there are some accounts of his paintings. The Ialysus and the Satyr were the most well-known among his works. Protogenes spent approximately seven years painting the Ialysus, a depiction of a local hero of a town in Rhodes. After remaining in Rhodes for at least 200 years, it was carried off to Rome. There later it was destroyed by fire. Protogenes worked on the Satyr during Demetrius Poliorcetes’ attack on Rhodes from 305 to304 B.C. Interestingly, the garden in which he painted the Satyr was in the middle of the enemy’s camp. Protogenes is said to have been about seventy years of age when the Satyr was completed.
2015 Annual Teen Programmers Conference November 21 & 22, 10:00 a.m.－5:00 p.m. Hosted by the Teen Programmers Association Is the computer screen your universe? Then join our conference held at West State University’s Brilliance Hall, and challenge yourself! Here you’ll meet the leaders in modern computer science. The conference includes: ∙Lectures by renowned industry figures, including Warwick Meade ∙10 separate seminars on hardware/software, programming, and new applications ∙Exhibitions of their latest products by 12 major firms Ticket Prices: ∙Total Pass: $25 (includes buffet lunch) ∙Lectures&Seminars Only: $15 ∙Exhibitions Only: $10 Booking is essential. Reserve your tickets at www.tiinprogrammers.org.
We invite you to join us at the 20th Virginia Art Show, famed all along the east coast for the variety and quality of its exhibits. Works by famous artists such as Mabel Green, Theresa Peterson, and Ronald McKuen will be displayed. The Virginia Philharmonic will perform on the first day of the show. Come and enjoy the fabulous drawings, sculptures, photographs, digital works, and the great music! ∙Dates: November 1－30 ∙Hours: 10:00 a.m.－9:00 p.m. ∙Place: Westchester Art Center ∙Entrance Fees: - Adults: $15 one day - Children: $7 one day Free admission for Virginia residents

#2015 수능 
The 18th century is called the Golden Age of botanical painting, and Georg Dionysius Ehret is often praised as the greatest botanical artist of the time. Born in Heidelberg, Germany, he was the son of a gardener who taught him much about art and nature. As a young man, Ehret traveled around Europe, largely on foot, observing plants and developing his artistic skills. In Holland, he became acquainted with the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus. Through his collaborations with Linnaeus and others, Ehret provided illustrations for a number of significant horticultural publications. Ehret’s reputation for scientific accuracy gained him many commissions from wealthy patrons, particularly in England, where he eventually settled. 
The above graph shows the percentages of Americans aged 12-17 who posted certain types of personal information on social media sites in 2006 and in 2012. The year 2012 saw an overall percentage increase in each category of posted personal information. In both years, the percentage of the young Americans who posted photos of themselves was the highest of all the categories. In 2006, the percentage of those who posted city or town names was higher than that of those who posted school names. Regarding posted email addresses, the percentage of 2012 was three times higher than that of 2006. Compared to 2006, 2012 recorded an eighteen percent increase in the category of cell phone numbers.
We will be hosting nine short films, which were written, directed, acted and produced by students from the College of Performing Arts & Film, Pamil University. ∙Date: Friday, November 21, 2014 ∙Time: 7:00 pm－10:00 pm ∙Place: Pamil Auditorium, Pamil University ∙Price: $10(general admission) $5 (discount for all university students with a valid ID) - Tickets can be purchased from the student union office from Monday, November 17, 2014. - All tickets are non-refundable. - FREE beverage included in ticket price ∙For more information, please call the student union office at (343) 777-8338.
AFTER-SCHOOL PROGRAM December 1, 2014－January 30, 2015 Are you looking for fun and exciting classes? Come on down to the Green Hills Community Center to check out our FREE program for local teens! Classes ∙Art, Music, Taekwondo ∙Classes with fewer than 20 applicants will be canceled. Time & Place ∙The program will run from Monday to Friday (5:00 pm to 7:00 pm). ∙All classes will take place in the Simpson Building. How to sign up ∙Registration forms must be sent by email to the address below by 6:00 pm, November 28. Please download the forms from our website at www.greenhills.org. For additional information, please visit our website or send an email to bill@greenhills.org.

#2014 수능 
The Modern Pottery Museum exhibits collections of artistic ceramic works. It also offers information about the history and development of modern pottery. Visitors can make their own plates or cups for an additional fee. Hours* Weekdays: 9:00 a.m.－6:00 p.m. Weekends: 9:00 a.m.－5:00 p.m. *The museum is closed on the first Monday of every month. Fees General Admission: $5 Children under 12: Free Pottery Experience: $10. Parking A parking discount is available to museum visitors. To receive the discount, visitors must have their parking tickets stamped at the visitor information desk.
The Nature Foundation is a world-wide organization dedicated to the preservation of our natural environment. Help us by joining today, and enjoy all the benefits of membership for only $50 per year.Members receive:Our monthly magazine, Nature World, for one year. A weekly newsletter about upcoming events held by the Foundation. Invitations to special lectures on natural history and environmental science. Members also get: ∙A 10% discount on books published by the Foundation. ∙A 20% discount on our other magazines like Nature Kids. ∙Discounted admission to national parks. If you have further questions about membership benefits, please call us at 987-555-4567 or visit our website at www.naturefoundation.org.
The Harmony Youth Orchestra is for you if you wish to participate in great musical performances under Harmony’s conductor. You must currently be a middle or high school student. Send in a completed audition application form and a recommendation from your music teacher by November 30th. Prepare to play a piece of your choice for the audition. Receive an e-mail with your audition time and place about 10 days before your audition day. Be notified of the final results by e-mail about a week after the audition. Application forms can be downloaded from the Harmony Youth Orchestra website (www.hyo.org).
The graph above shows the Canadian volunteer rates and average annual hours of seven age groups in 2007. In these groups, the volunteer rates ranged from 29% to 58%, and the Canadian average rate was 46%. The average annual hours increased with age except for the group aged between 25 and 34, which volunteered an average of 133 hours. The 15-24 age group showed the highest volunteer rate but the second fewest average annual hours. The 35-44 age group had fewer average annual hours than the 45-54 age group, while the 55-64 and 65-74 age groups showed the same average annual hours. Despite their lowest rate of volunteering, seniors aged 75 and older gave more hours on average than any other age group.

#2013 수능 
The above graph shows the total number of researchers and the number of researchers per 1,000 people in the EAP (economically active population) of Korea from 1997 to 2007. Compared to the previous year, both numbers recorded each year showed an increase except for the numbers recorded in 1998. The highest annual growth in the number of researchers per 1,000 people in the EAP was recorded between 2000 and 2001. From 2004 to 2007 Korea had more than 200,000 researchers each year, recording the largest number in 2007. The number of researchers per 1,000 people in the EAP in 2007 was twice as large as that in 1999. The annual increase in the total number of researchers was the largest between 1998 and 1999.
Gregorio Dati was a successful merchant of Florence, who entered into many profitable partnerships dealing in wool, silk, and other merchandise. His career, however, especially early on, knew the vicissitudes characteristic of Renaissance business. For example, while he was en route to Spain as his enterprise’s traveling partner, a role typical for young men, pirates robbed him of all his goods, including a consignment of pearls, and of his own clothes. His recovery from such losses followed in part from four successive marriages. Later in life, he was honored to serve a number of posts in the city government. Over the years he wrote a “diary,” actually an occasional record in which he kept accounts of his commercial and family life. Men of his kind pioneered this form of writing about the public and private self. 
The Great Salt Lake is the largest salt lake in the Western Hemisphere. The lake is fed by the Bear, Weber, and Jordan rivers and has no outlet. At the close of the Ice Age the entire region was submerged beneath a lake of meltwater, and overflow from the lake flowed into the Pacific Ocean through the Snake and Columbia rivers. The great climatic change the lake underwent and continued evaporation, exceeding the inflow of fresh water, reduced the lake to one-twentieth of its former size. The majority of salt in the Great Salt Lake is a remnant of dissolved salts that are present in all fresh water. As the water evaporated, the traces of dissolved salts were gradually concentrated in the shrinking lake

#2012 수능
The graphs above show the percentage of world electricity generation by sources of energy for 1971 and 2007. According to the graphs, the primary source of electricity generation in both 1971 and 2007 was coal and peat, accounting for over 40% of the total electricity generation. Oil showed the biggest decrease in electricity generation, which fell from 20.9% in 1971 to 5.6% in 2007. The source that showed the biggest increase was nuclear, which rose from 2.1% in 1971 to 13.8% in 2007. In 1971, hydro was the second biggest source of electricity generation, but in 2007, gas was the second biggest, accounting for more than 20% of the total electricity generation. Besides coal and peat, hydro was the only source that accounted for more than 20% of the total electricity generation in both 1971 and 2007.
Marking the Nepal-Tibet border, Everest looms as a three-sided pyramid of gleaming ice and dark rock. The first eight expeditions to Everest were British, all of which attempted the mountain from the northern, Tibetan, side― not because it presented the most obvious weakness in the peak’s formidable defenses but because in 1921 the Tibetan government opened its borders to foreigners, while Nepal remained off limits. The first Everesters were obliged to trek 400 miles from Darjeeling across the Tibetan plateau to reach the foot of the mountain. Their knowledge of the deadly effects of extreme altitude was limited and their equipment was poor. Yet in 1924, a member of the third British expedition, Edward Felix Norton, reached an elevation of 28,126 feet ―just 900 feet below the summit―before being defeated by exhaustion and snow blindness. It was an astounding achievement that was not surpassed for 28 years. 
Giorgio Vasari, the Italian painter, architect, and writer, was born in Arezzo in 1511. He was considered to be more successful as an architect than a painter. But what made him truly famous was his book Lives of the Most Eminent Painters, Sculptors and Architects (shortened as Lives). It is not known exactly how many copies of the first edition of Lives, published in 1550, were printed, but it earned Vasari the praise of his peers. Then in a revised edition of Lives in 1568, complete with portraits of the artists, he combined biographical anecdotes with critical comment. Although the revised edition overshadowed Vasari’s own achievements as a painter and architect, it made him the most respected man of the Italian art world. He was even knighted by Pope Pius Ⅴ in 1571.
When I was a freshman in high school, I won second prize in our local newspaper’s essay contest on the theme of ‘future career.’ I wrote about wanting to become a journalist. We had to collect our prizes at the local variety store and, while waiting in line, a little notebook in the stationery department caught my eye. It was a black and red hardcover book with the word ‘Record’ neatly engraved in gold on the cover. I reasoned that since I was going to be a journalist, I’d need a very special notebook in which to write. So I bought it. But I put the notebook away and promptly forgot about it and about becoming a journalist. Painting became my great love. Upon graduating from high school, I went to college as a fine art major and English minor. After becoming a professional artist, marriage followed, then the birth of two daughters. A career change came next which led to teaching underprivileged young children in Los Angeles. The years passed. Then during a serious illness when I was thirty-five, I found the little notebook I had purchased twenty years earlier. From my sick bed I noticed it on a nearby shelf. It was still blank but something told me to write my deepest feelings and thoughts, my pain and fear, my wishes and dreams, the words of my inner world. This was my first ‘official’ journal. And the process of journal-keeping through writing and drawing helped heal me from a mysterious illness which had defied the doctors and their medicines. My life changed so much after that. I began listening to my own feelings and inner wisdom. The insights I gained through journal-keeping led me into a new career as an art therapist and teacher of diary writing and drawing. More importantly, I learned to play and enjoy life again. For instance, several years after recovering from my illness, I started skateboarding for the first time in my life and loved it. I’m grateful to that high school girl that I was for having the sense to buy a little blank book. I used it to save my life and to help others.

#2011 수능  
Around 350 B.C. there lived in Greece a very famous painter named Apelles. It was his practice to conceal himself at previews of his paintings in order to hear the public’s opinions of his masterpieces. At one such preview a bootmaker criticized the shoes in a painting on which Apelles had labored long and hard. After correcting the picture the painter arranged a second preview. This time the bootmaker began to criticize the anatomy of one of the characters. Apelles was unable to restrain himself, for he knew that the criticism was unjust and the man knew nothing about anatomy. From his hiding place Apelles shouted, “Bootmaker, stick to your last!” From that time it has been the custom to ridicule the people who act like they know what they do not with the pointed caution, “Stick to your last!” 
Bristlecone pines are unusual trees that grow in the mountain regions of western America, sometimes as high as two or more miles above sea level. They grow very slowly and range from 15 to 40 feet in height. These evergreens often live for thousands of years. Considering the habitat of these trees, such as rocky areas where the soil is poor and precipitation is slight, it seems almost incredible that they should live so long or even survive at all. The environmental adversities, however, actually contribute to their longevity. Cells that are produced as a result of these conditions are densely arranged. The densely structured wood is resistant to invasion by insects and other potential pests. Bristlecone pines grow faster in richer conditions, but die earlier and soon decay. The harshness of their surroundings, then, is a vital factor in making them strong and sturdy.
The above graph shows the percentage of children from birth to 5 years of age by gender diagnosed with asthma in rural and urban areas in Canada for the 2000-2001, 2002-2003, and 2004-2005 periods. For both rural and urban areas, the percentages of male children diagnosed with asthma were higher than those of female children for all the periods. During all the periods, the percentages of male children with asthma were higher in urban areas than in rural areas. Regarding female children with asthma, the lowest percentage in urban areas was greater than the highest percentage in rural areas. In urban areas, the percentage of male children with asthma in the 2004-2005 period was lower than that of male children with asthma in the 2000-2001 period. In rural areas, the percentages of female children with asthma were the same in the 2002-2003 period and the 2004-2005 period. 
After several futile attempts to teach the role of theme, or the prominent repeated melody, in classical music, the teacher was at wit’s end. Having reminded her students many times that composers like Wagner depended on the listeners’ remembering the earlier theme to recognize its later use, she was determined to make her students understand that themes recur throughout a piece.She knew that her class had little trouble with simple variations and could easily identify themes that were repeated in a similar way. But when the theme showed much variation, the students’ attention focused on the new detail to such an extent that they no longer ‘heard’ the basic theme. For a week or two, the teacher worried about the problem. Other teachers advised her to go on with something else, but she continued to search for a solution. With this problem in mind, one afternoon during the lunch hour, she noticed a group of students gathered in a corner of the school yard. Several girls were moving their bodies rhythmically. Curious, she drew closer and found that the students were listening to a new rock hit. A girl in the center of the group held a tape recorder in her hand. At that moment, a sudden inspiration took hold.The following day in class, she asked how many students had tape recorders. A dozen or so students said, “I do.” The teacher said excitedly, “I have an idea. Let’s play Beethoven’s Eroica again. One of you can record the theme when it’s first introduced. Then later, someone else can record it the second time it appears. Finally, we’ll have another person record when it appears next. Then we can start all three tape recorders at exactly the same time to see if the recordings fit!” Her students looked at her in surprise. Suddenly, however, delight appeared on their faces. And so it was done. When they played the recordings simultaneously, the sounds blended sufficiently for the students to recognize their commonality.

#2010 수능 
The graph above shows the growth rate of total output in the U.S. from 1960 to 1999. The growth rate of total output is equal to the growth rate in the number of hours worked plus the growth rate of labor productivity. The 1960-1969 period displayed the highest growth rate of total output of all the periods in the graph. The growth rate of total output declined from the 1960-1969 period to the 1980-1989 period. The only period where the growth rate in the number of hours worked exceeded the labor productivity growth rate was the 1980-1989 period. The 1990-1994 period showed an increase in the growth rate of total output from the 1980-1989 period. The 1995-1999 period displayed the second highest growth rate of total output and the greatest labor productivity growth rate of all the time periods.
Like its largemouth cousin, the smallmouth bass is a native of the Mississippi drainage, which makes it a true heartland fish. Whereas the largemouth likes slow or still water with lots of food-holding weeds, the smallmouth prefers clean, rocky bottoms and swifter water, ideally in the range of 65° to 68°F. In waters warmer than 73°F, you can forget about finding one. In lakes, smallmouth often school up, which means that if you catch one, you can catch a bunch. In rivers and streams, they are more solitary. The smallmouth has a series of dark vertical bands along its sides. The dorsal fin is one continuous fin (as opposed to the separated dorsal fin of the largemouth).
Starting in the 1960s, people began flooding into Chattanooga, a former factory town, to explore its caves, rivers, and cliffs. Before long more than 3,800 caves surrounding the city had been discovered. The nearby Ocoee was among the most paddled rivers in the country and six major climbing sites sprang up within an hour’s drive of city limits. But in spite of this boundless outdoors potential, there remained the problem of Chattanooga proper, a post-industrial wasteland that made the city the kind of place you would visit but would never want to live in. Not, that is, until lately. Over the past decade, Chattanooga has made an incredible urban comeback: electric buses, organic markets, and a 120-million-dollar riverfront restoration project completed last year. In addition, beautiful modern architecture such as the post-modern museum and the newly remodeled aquarium plays a big role in the comeback of Chattanooga

#2009 수능 
The above graph shows changes in school enrollment rates of the population ages 3 19 by age group from 1970 to 2006. The enrollment rates of all age groups were higher than 50 percent in 2006. Of all age groups, the enrollment rate for youth ages 7 13 was the highest during the entire period covered by the graph. Of all age groups, the enrollment rate of children ages 5 6 increased the most from 1970 to 2006. The overall change in the enrollment rate from 1980 to 1990 was smaller for youth ages 14 17 than for youth ages 18 19. The lowest enrollment rate is seen in children ages 3 4 among all age groups for each year.
The RPC, founded in 1996, describes itself as a progressive organization fighting for social change. It is a multiracial, multi-issue, international membership organization. Its mission is to move the nation and the world towards social, racial, and economic justice. It has its headquarters in Chicago, and major branches in Washington, D.C., New York, and Los Angeles. It has succeeded in registering hundreds of thousands of voters, helped elect many officials, mediated labor disputes, affected public policy in Haiti, and helped secure professional positions for minorities in a number of different fields. It also works on issues such as fair housing, gender equality, and environmental justice. 
A water plant called the sacred lotus regulates its temperature in order to benefit insects that it needs to reproduce. When the plant flowers, it heats its blossoms to above 86 for as long as four days. It does so, even when the air is as cool as 50 . The heat releases an aroma that attracts certain insects, which fly into the flower to feed on nectar and pollen. But according to Roger Seymour and Paul Schultze-Motel of Australia’s University of Adelaide, the heat does more: It rewards insects with a stable environment that enhances their ability to eat, mate, and prepare for flight. 

#2008 수능 
The above chart shows the top five preferred factors for male and female job seekers aged 55 to 79 in 2006. ‘Payment’ is the most preferred factor for both male and female job seekers in this age group. As for men, ‘sustainability’ is the second most favored factor in choosing a job. As for women, ‘workload and time’ is preferred to ‘sustainability’ in their job seeking. The percentage of women who tend to choose a job based on ‘past experience’ is higher than that of men. ‘Commuting’ is the least considered factor for both among the top five, but still it is a more favored factor for women than for men.
Located 1,100 feet above the tiny coastal town of Amalfi, Ravello has been described as closer to heaven than to the sea. Two irresistibly romantic gardens the Villa Rufolo and the Villa Cimbrone justify its reputation as ‘the place where poets go to die.’ Hotel guests can hope to experience breathtaking views of the deep blue sea from Palazzo Sasso. Constructed in the 12th century, now a deluxe hotel, Palazzo Sasso is all about the view. Richard Wagner found inspiration on this site in 1880, penning a part of Parsifal during a stay here. Every summer an internationally famous classical Wagner music festival takes place in the garden of the Villa Rufolo. 
Recreational tree climbing is an evolving sport. It got its start in 1983, when Peter Jenkins began teaching all sorts of people, including children, how to climb trees safely using a rope and a harness and the recreational tree climbing technique. In the United States, it is now practiced by a thousand or so people but is rapidly growing in popularity. However, those who study rare plants are worried about recreational tree climbers. They fear that these climbers may try to climb the biggest and tallest trees if they learn their exact locations. Any contact between humans and rare plants can be disastrous for the plants.
“There is a good reason to make this trip to the Island of Paradise,” Captain Koppe told himself as he stepped out of the elevator car into the covered rooftop hangar of his house. The journey itself would be of use. There were times when it was important to be alone, to have time to think. Alone even from one’s personal robot, from one’s trusted wife. Captain Koppe sensed that this was one of those times when he had to be alone if for no other reason than to remind himself that he would have to make his decision alone. And he would have the duration of the flight all to himself. The thought appealed to him as he powered up the aircar and it lifted a half-meter or so off the deck of the hangar. The outer doors opened, and the aircar slowly eased out into the driving rain. Suddenly, it was in the middle of the storm, jumping and swinging in the darkness, the rain crashing down on the windows with incredible violence. The storm boomed and roared outside the long-range aircar as it fought for altitude, the banging and clattering getting worse with every moment.  Smooth sailing after the storm, the aircar arrived at the orbit of the Island of Paradise. Captain Koppe looked out at the Island through the window. He had been longing for it since his childhood. At that moment, his family picture posted on the inside of the aircar came into his eyes. All of a sudden, he had an irresistible urge to go to see his beloved wife and his two sons. He turned his back on the Island of Paradise and directed it toward the homeland.

#2007 수능 
Dominique-Jean Larrey was born on July 8, 1766, in France. Larrey began his medical studies in Toulouse. During the Revolution, in 1792, he joined the Army of the North as a military surgeon. He introduced field hospitals, ambulance service, and first-aid treatment to the battlefield. He eventually became principal surgeon of the French Army and thereafter followed Napoleon Bonaparte in almost all his campaigns in Egypt, Italy, Russia, and finally at Waterloo. After the fall of Napoleon, Larrey’s medical reputation saved him, and he was named a member of the Academy of Medicine at its founding in 1820.
Floppy Barrow is a game invented by Phil and Alan Grace, and Tim Inglis in South Australia. In the game, the players use a broomstick to throw an old bicycle tire that has been specially modified to make it floppy. The game can be played with 2 to 6 players and is scored similarly to tennis. It can be played with or without a net by defining the court and scoring against mistakes, such as dropping the tire in-court or throwing it out of bounds on the opponents’ side. Floppy Barrow builds upper body muscles a lot, so it provides a good and exciting form of exercise 
In the above chart, the five items in the middle show the environment-friendly improvements made by a company from 2001 to 2005. The left bar chart shows the costs of carrying them out, and the right bar chart shows the resulting savings during the same period. The company reduced its water use by installing automatic faucets and water-saving toilets, saving 152,000 dollars. The greatest saving came from the installation of energy-saving lights. Timed shut-offs of electricity came second in savings. These two improvements cost much less than the other measures. The most expensive installation was that of smart escalators. Although the installation costs differed, all the improvements resulted in savings for the company.
Margo was on holiday with friends, three miles off the Kenyan coast in the Indian Ocean, in a fishing boat. Suddenly the engine died, and for mysterious reasons, the boat began to sink. Before they knew what was happening, Margo, her three friends, and (d) the African boatman were in the sea. They all had life jackets, but it was a long way to shore. Around them were lots of wooden barrels and boards. At that moment, (e) one of the three friends said, “I don’t know how to swim.” Margo took charge. She shouted out orders. She told each person to take a wooden board, use it as a float, and begin kicking slowly toward shore. She ordered (b) the non-swimmer to share a piece of board with her. “Kick softly,” she told him, “Don’t stir up the water more than you have to.” With Margo’s firm presence next to him, the non-swimmer avoided panic. When every now and then his kicking became awkward and noisy, Margo ordered (c) him to stop. Slowly and quietly, the five moved toward the distant shore.They all reached the beach two hours later, exhausted but safe. At that time, the non-swimmer thanked Margo for saving his life, and (a) he asked why she had been so insistent about going slowly and quietly. “Because,” she said to him, “for one thing, I knew it was a long way and we had to conserve our energy. For another, that ocean is full of sharks and I didn’t care to attract their attention. But if I’d told you that, you might have panicked and none of us would have made it.”

#2006 수능 (스캔)

#2005 수능 
For centuries, sundials and water clocks inaccurately told us all we needed to know about time. Mechanical clocks started appearing on towers in Italy in the 14th century, but their timekeeping was less impressive than their looks, wandering up to 15 minutes a day. By the 17th century some geniuses, including Galileo and Pascal, had theorized about, but failed to build, better timepieces. Then, in 1656, Dutch astronomer Christian Huygens constructed the first pendulum clock, revolutionizing timekeeping. The precision of Huygens clock allowed scientists to use it for their physics experiments, and
shopkeepers to open and close at fixed hours. 
In 1761, Englishman John Harrison perfected a clock that worked at sea and put accurate time in a navigator s pocket. Fueled by a lifelong love of literature, Gonzales has devoted himself to providing people with more access to literature. When he moved to Marysville, Kansas, after a successful career as a barber in Los Angeles, he noticed a widespread hunger for reading in the community. He helped customers read books by opening a library with a collection of 500 books inside his barbershop in 1990. Even though many people wanted to read books, they had nowhere to turn, said Gonzales. His efforts came to be recognized nationwide and he won the Livingstone Award in 2003. Mr. Gonzales has helped people find a shelter for their spirits, wrote the Livingstone Committee.
I was eight years old. At that moment in my life, nothing was more important to me than baseball. My team was the New York Giants, and I followed the doings of those men in the black-and-orange caps with all the devotion of a true believer. Even now, remembering that team, which no longer exists, I can recite the names of nearly every baseball player on the team. But none was greater, and none more perfect than Willie Mays. That spring, I was taken to my first big-league game. Just as we approached the exit after the game, I caught sight of Willie Mays. He was standing near the gate not ten feet away from me. I rushed to him and said, Mr. Mays, could I please have your autograph? He said, Sure, kid. You got a pencil? I didn t have one in my pocket. The great Willie Mays stood there watching in silence. He just shrugged and said, Sorry, kid. And then he walked out of the ballpark into the night. I didn t want to cry, but tears started falling down my cheeks, and there was nothing I could do to stop them.
After that night, I started carrying a pencil with me wherever I went. It became a habit of mine never to leave the house without making sure I had a pencil in my pocket. It s not that I had any particular plans for that pencil, but I didn t want to be unprepared. I had been caught empty-handed once, and I wasn t about to let it happen again. If nothing else, the years have taught me this : If there s a pencil in your pocket, there s a good chance that one day you ll feel tempted to start using it.

#2004 수능  
Never in good health as a child, Anita lost her hearing at ten. Her father s business failed while she was in high school, so she quit school and found a job as a nurse s assistant in a hospital for homeless people. Here Anita became interested in social welfare. At night she attended classes in composition and developed her writing skills. Soon she was writing newspaper articles. By thirty-five she had established herself as a writer . Although her life was difficult, she never gave up . In her nineties, she said in an interview,“ Life is a wonderful teacher if we only listen to its lessons.
We need people to help with telephone calls from customers placing advertisements in our newspaper . Because we want to help customers get the most from their advertisements, we are looking for people who can demonstrate the following: A strong interest in sales. A pleasant telephone manner. Excellent communication skills in English. We have both full-time and part-time positions in a city-based location, close to all public transport. To apply, send your application form by December 1, 2003.

#2003 수능  
Susan s smile is always big, showing off all her original teeth, which are still in good condition. She finds humor in the silliest things. When a dog plays in the yard, she laughs. If children make too much noise or throw a ball on her porch, she thinks they are wonderful. Only smiles, humor, and laughter. That is why the lines all over her face are so deep. But she would never think of covering them up with cream or makeup. Today is Susan s 70th birthday and 30th wedding anniversary as well. My sister Susan is the happiest person I know.
The essential role of hand gestures is to mark the points of emphasis in our speech. They are so much an important part of our speech that we sometimes use them even when we talk on the telephone. One of the popular hand gestures is the Hand Purse, in which the tips of all five fingers are brought together until they touch in a circle. It is used when we want to express ourselves with great exactness.
A father took his son to the country to show him how poor people can be. They spent a weekend on the farm of a very poor family. After returning home from their tr ip, the father asked his son, Did you see how poor people can be? Yes, the son answered. We have one dog at home, and they have four. We have a pool in the backyard, and they have a stream that has no end. We have imported lamps, and they have the stars. When the little boy was finished, his father sat speechless. The trip had completely defeated the fathers purpose.

#2020 6월
The graph above shows the average kilocalorie intake from sugar-sweetened beverages by age group and gender on a given day during 2011-2014 in the United States. In each age group, males had higher average kilocalorie intake from sugar-sweetened beverages than females did. Among the male groups, the group aged 20-39 had the highest average kilocalorie intake from sugar-sweetened beverages. Among the female groups, the group aged 12-19 had the highest average kilocalorie intake from sugar-sweetened beverages, followed by the group aged 20-39. Among the male groups, the group aged 2-5 had the lowest average kilocalorie intake from sugar-sweetened beverages. Among the female groups, likewise, the youngest group had the lowest average kilocalorie intake from sugar-sweetened beverages.
Along the coast of British Columbia lies a land of forest green and sparkling blue. This land is the Great Bear Rainforest, which measures 6.4 million hectares ― about the size of Ireland or Nova Scotia. It is home to a wide variety of wildlife. One of the unique animals living in the area is the Kermode bear. It is a rare kind of bear known to be the official mammal of British Columbia. Salmon are also found here. They play a vital role in this area’s ecosystem as a wide range of animals, as well as humans, consume them. The Great Bear Rainforest is also home to the Western Red Cedar, a tree that can live for several hundred years. The tree’s wood is lightweight and rot-resistant, so it is used for making buildings and furniture.
The 2019 Fitness EXPO is an annual event where you can experience new wellness products and enjoy fitness classes, competitions, and a lot more. Dates & Time: June 22-23, 2019, 10:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m. Place: Healfit Convention Hall Admission: One-day Pass $10 / Two-day Pass $18 (Ages 12 and under enter for FREE.) Accommodations Healfit Hotel offers rooms at a special rate. Please book your stay at www.healfithotel.com. Activities ∙Fitness Classes led by professional trainers ∙Arm Wrestling Tournament, where the champion is given a trophy ∙Dance Fitness Contest, where only amateurs can participate For further information, visit our website at www.ibeingfit.com.
2019 Mountain Today Wildflower Photo Contest Mountain Today is hosting a photo contest for local high school students. We want to see your best wildflower photos. ∙No Entry Fee ∙Submission Deadline: 18:00 on June 7, 2019 ∙How to Submit: Upload to www.mountaintoday.com. ▣ Submission Categories ∙People with Wildflowers ∙Landscape with Wildflowers ▣ Prizes ∙First Place: $200 for one person from each category ∙Second Place: $100 for one person from each category ∙Winners will be posted on the website on June 21, 2019. Individual notifications will also be issued to winners. ▣ Details ∙All photos should be uploaded in JPEG format. ∙No photo editing is allowed. ∙The total number of photos submitted is limited to four per student. 
When Master Brooks played a Mozart piece on the violin for his class to learn, the room was filled with waves of beautiful, soul-stirring sound. The class tried to emulate the music played by this renowned guest musician. Among the students in the class, Joe Brooks was by far the best. In fact, Joe was the master’s son. His father had placed a baby violin in his hands at the age of four, and Joe was a natural talent. Now, just twelve years later, he was already on his way to becoming a virtuoso like his father After the class, Joe was alone with his father. He had something important to talk about. Joe took a deep breath and said, “I have been asked to play in a concert, and I would like your permission first. It is a crossover concert.” Master Brooks looked surprised. Indeed, the master’s dislike of crossover music was no secret. “Father,” Joe took a deep breath and continued, “I respect your views, but it is not what you think. Why don’t you come and listen to our practice tomorrow? If you don’t like it, I will cancel.” “Well, did you get permission?” asked Brian as soon as Joe entered the practice room the following day. “Um, I’m not sure,” answered Joe without confidence. “You can tell us about it after practice,” Brian said as he placed his fingers on the keyboard. Beside him, Nick was tuning his guitar. Joe thought that he would play just one last time before telling them that he might pull out of the concert. The trio swung into their routine, as easily as only a group that had practiced long and hard together could.
When they finished practicing, Joe noticed his father standing in the corner. “Wow, that was quite wonderful,” he said with admiration. Master Brooks came toward his son. “I love the way you created those unique sounds while keeping the spirit of the violin. I underestimated the power that crossover music can create,” said Master Brooks to him. Joe and his father returned home, both humming the melody that the band had been practicing.

#2019 6월
The table above displays the life expectancy at birth in 2030 for five selected countries. In each of the five selected countries, it is predicted that the life expectancy of women will be higher than that of men. In the case of women, life expectancy in the Republic of Korea is expected to be the highest among the five countries, followed by that in Austria. As for men, the Republic of Korea and Singapore will rank the first and the second highest, respectively, in life expectancy in the five countries. Both Slovakian women and men will have the lowest life expectancy by gender among the five countries, with 82.92 and 76.98 years, respectively. Among the five countries, the largest difference in life expectancy between women and men is 6.75 years, predicted to be found in the Republic of Korea, and the smallest difference is 3.46 years, in Sweden.
Richard Burton was a highly regarded Welsh actor of stage and screen. He was born in 1925 in South Wales, the twelfth child of a poor miner. Burton was the first member of his family to go to secondary school. Then, he attended Oxford University and later joined the British air force during wartime. After leaving the military in 1947, he made his film debut in 1949, in The Last Days of Dolwyn. Richard Burton went on to become a praised actor of stage and screen, who was nominated for an Academy Award seven times, but never won an Oscar. It is well-known that he had a powerful voice overwhelming the camera, the microphone, and all the intimacy of film acting. His final film was an adaptation of George Orwell’s famous novel, 1984.
Are you interested in participating in an international exchange program? The Korea-Singapore Friendship Foundation (KSFF) will send high school students to 6 schools in Singapore. This opportunity will be great for developing a global perspective and lifelong memories. OPPORTUNITY and DATES ∙Each school will host 7 to 10 high school students. ∙Two weeks: from September 3, 2018, to September 16, 2018 ACTIVITIES ∙Classroom participation and extra-curricular activities ∙Visiting tourist sites ACCOMMODATIONS ∙KSFF will arrange for participants to stay with local families.
More information is available at www.ksffexchange.net. Please note: The application must be completed on our website by June 9, 2018. The Greenville Community Center is pleased to offer free trees through our annual Tree Distribution Event. Distribution is limited to two trees per household due to the limited number of available trees. ∙Call the community center at 304-315-7777 by Friday, June 15, 2018, to request your free trees. ∙Requests are accepted by phone only. ∙Pick-up instructions will be sent by the end of June 2018 via text message. ∙The pick-up day for trees will be a Saturday, in either July or August 2018 (dependent on weather conditions). You can get more information about the age and size of the trees on our website (www.treegreenville.org).
Princess, a solid Boxer, had been given to Rita when she was ten weeks old, and Rita immediately bonded with her, petting her, feeding her, teaching her basic commands, and letting her sleep on Rita’s bed. The two were always together and within arm’s reach. The only time they were apart was when Rita was learning to swim. Princess had a fear of water that was so extreme that she couldn’t even touch the water. Princess’ fears stemmed from her puppyhood when she almost drowned twice. These early traumas made water the only thing that Princess truly feared. When she came close to a body of water, she would try to pull back and seemed emotionally distressed. Would she ever be able to overcome this fear? She had a chance one late afternoon when Rita’s mother took them to a shopping mall. It was located along the edge of a lake and featured a wooden boardwalk which was built along the shore. While her mother headed to a store, Rita and Princess began to play on the boardwalk. Suddenly, a boy riding a bicycle slipped on the damp wooden surface, hitting Rita at an angle, which propelled her through an open section of the guard rail. She let out a scream of pain and fear as she fell into the water. She then continued to cry for help and struggle to get out. Upon hearing Rita’s cry, her mother rushed to the railing, shouting for help, from the entrance of the store a hundred feet or so away. Princess was looking at the water and trembling in fear. She stood there staring at the water ― the one thing that had nearly taken her life. Her love for Rita overpowered her fear and she leapt out through the same open space in the railing and plunged into the water. Once in the water, Princess quickly found Rita and slowly dragged her to the shore to her grateful mother.

#2018 6월
The above graph shows direct expenditures on education as a
percentage of GDP for the five OECD countries with the
highest percentages in 2011, by level of education. All the
five countries spent over seven percent of their GDP on direct
expenditures on education for all institutions combined. Of
the five countries, Denmark spent the highest percentage of GDP
for all institutions combined. In terms of direct expenditures
on elementary and secondary education, New Zealand spent
the highest percentage of GDP among the five countries. As
for direct expenditures on postsecondary education, Iceland
spent a higher percentage of GDP than the other four countries.
Compared with the Republic of Korea, Israel spent a lower
percentage of GDP on postsecondary education.

Born into a working-class family in 1872, Albert C. Barnes
grew up in Philadelphia. He became interested in art when he
became friends with future artist William Glackens in high
school. He earned a medical degree from the University of
Pennsylvania and qualified as a doctor in 1892. Barnes
decided not to work as a doctor, and after further study he
entered the business world. In 1901, he invented the antiseptic
Argyrol with a German chemist and made a fortune. Using his
wealth, he began purchasing hundreds of paintings. In 1922,
he established the Barnes Foundation to promote the education
of fine arts. There he displayed his huge collection without
detailed explanation. He died in a car accident in 1951.

Show off your yodeling skills with the backdrop of the
beautiful Alps.
∙Place: special outdoor stage set up at Mt. Billatus (2,545 m)
∙Time & Date: 2:00 p.m. on June 12, 2017
∙Registration (online only): until June 1 (www.yodel.net)
∙Requirements
- All contestants should sing a 2-minute yodel of their choice.
- All yodels should be sung either in French or in English.
∙Prizes
- 1st place: a round-trip airplane ticket to London
- 2nd place: a Swiss watch
* The contest will be canceled if the weather is unfavorable.

Just five miles away from the big city, you can enjoy
the huge variety of plants and wildlife at Summerville
Forest. We offer a trail tour every Saturday from June to
September. Come and join us!
Tickets
∙$10 (for 8 and older)
∙$5 (for children under 8)
* Snacks and water will be provided.
Tour Schedule
∙8:30 a.m.-9:00 a.m. Introduction to Summerville Forest
∙9:00a.m.-11:00 a.m. Trail Walking Tour
Reservations should be made online (www.summerville.net)
at least one week in advance of your visit.

Andrew steadied his eyes upon the black and white
squares. He thought awhile before pushing his knight to an
unbeatable position. Now Andrew was sure he had beaten
Timothy Tandon, the winner of the 2016 National Chess
Championship. Andrew, whom nobody had noticed before
the tournament this year, came to progress to the final match.
After enjoying this memorable victory, Andrew headed straight
to the nursing home where (a) his sick grandad was staying. When Andrew reached the nursing home, Grandad was
sitting up in bed. “You won the semi-final?” (e) he asked,
offering up a weak smile. Andrew nodded his head. Indeed,
Andrew’s grandad was his chess master. As a kid, Andrew
liked to observe Grandad play chess and often predicted his
moves even before he began to move the pieces. “Andrew,”
said Grandad, inspired by his grandson’s superb victory, “you
are now all set to fulfill my dream. Tomorrow you will surely
win the National Chess Championship.” It was the day of the final match. That morning Andrew had
received a call from the nursing home informing him that
Grandad’s condition had become serious. The news played
upon Andrew’s mind as (b) he started to play. After several
fierce battles, Andrew’s concentration wavered for a moment.
His mind travelled to his grandad, who was in another battle
for his life. It was then that Andrew made a big mistake! The
mistake was a fatal one, and it was all over. (c) He had lost. Andrew arrived at the nursing home in a gloomy mood, but
he was blessed with good news. His grandad was recovering.
Andrew was greatly delighted, but (d) he could not help being
disappointed in a corner of his mind. “I tried my best to fulfill
your dream but I couldn’t make it,” Andrew said in
disappointment. “That’s all right,” said Grandad. “The real
lesson of chess is learning how to tame your mind. See, my
mind has won the battle over my body. I will recover soon and
see you become champion one day in perfect health.” Andrew
was relieved and smiled with joy.

#2017 6월
The graph above shows the Western Hemisphere oil
production per day in 2010 and proven oil reserves as of 2011
for selected countries. The United States recorded 9.65
million barrels of daily oil production in 2010, the greatest
daily oil production among the countries shown on the graph.
Canada had the second largest daily oil production followed
by Mexico and Brazil, with Venezuela recording the lowest
among the five countries in 2010. As for proven oil reserves,
however, Venezuela recorded the largest amount among these
countries in 2011, possessing 211.2 billion barrels, followed by
Canada with 175.2 billion barrels. In 2011, the sum of the
proven oil reserves of the United States, Mexico, and Brazil
was greater than those of Venezuela. Brazil had larger
proven oil reserves than Mexico in 2011, but the daily oil
production of Brazil was lower than that of Mexico in 2010.

Sequoyah, a Cherokee Indian, was born in about 1770 in
Taskigi, now in Tennessee. Raised by his Cherokee mother,
the young Sequoyah never learned to read or write English.
While interacting with English speakers, he realized the
necessity of a writing system for the Cherokee people. In
about 1809, Sequoyah began developing a system of writing,
adapting letters from English, Greek, and Hebrew. By 1821,
he had created a system of 86 symbols, representing all the
syllables of the Cherokee language. The Cherokee people
began to use the system in their schools and publish books
and newspapers in their language. In 1824, the General
Council of the Eastern Cherokees awarded Sequoyah a medal
in honor of his accomplishment. Sequoyah moved to
Oklahoma some years later and died in what is now Texas in
1843. And later, people remembered him by naming a certain
tree species “Sequoia.”

Are you looking for a simple and effective sports
program? Then check out the Kingston Badminton
Program and choose one of our courses taught by the
most experienced badminton coaches.
∙Course sessions will be held three days a week
(Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays) for 4 weeks
from June 20 to July 15.
3:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m.: Ages 7-10
4:30 p.m.-5:30 p.m.: Ages 11-14
6:00 p.m.-7:00 p.m.: Ages 15 and up
∙The tuition fee is $50 per person with a free personal
locker.
∙The deadline for registration is June 10.
∙Badminton rackets and shuttlecocks are provided.
For further information, call the Kingston Community
Center at 322-480-5267.

Saturday, June 4, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.
Springvale Public Library
(4536 Main Street, Springvale, WI)
Mark your calendar for the 16th Springvale Book
Festival. This is your big chance to meet the nation’s
BEST authors and discuss their works.
Authors will be speaking at the main hall on the 2nd
floor from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.
Note: Authors will be signing books in the lobby, so
please bring your own personal copies or you can
purchase books on site.
Get the most out of your big day by downloading the
festival app at our website (www.spvbf.org). It features
a complete list of all events & locations, maps, and ways
to share it all via social media.
All programs will be FREE of charge!
Please visit our website for more information about
the festival.

Richard was watching people on the street through the
window. Skirts were bouncing lightly and pants were
dancing delightedly in the seasonable weather as the spring
breeze chased them playfully. Some seemed excited, walking
like racing cars between passersby. He had ordered two
black coffees, one for himself and one for his friend, Julie.
She was running late, but the service was fast. The hot
coffees were promptly placed in front of (a) him. Looking at the coffees, Richard remembered that Julie
liked whipped cream on top of her hot coffee. He was
wondering if it was better to put the cream on now, or wait
till she arrived. “Since the cream is cold, it’ll cool down the
coffee faster,” he reasoned. Beep! It was a text message from
her. “I’ll be there in 5 minutes. Please put some cream on my
coffee.” He was startled, because she seemed to know
what he was thinking about. (d) Richard called over a
waiter wearing a blue shirt and asked him for whipped cream. Handing a spray can of cream over to Richard, the waiter
said, “Add it now if you want.” Richard couldn’t help asking
him why. (b) The blue-shirted man answered, “Actually,
hotter coffee loses energy faster than coffee cooled slightly
by the addition of cream.” “Really? Is that so?” The waiter
kindly smiled and said, “Yeah, I just learned it when I took a
class about coffee.” He also taught (c) his customer how to
make shapes with the cream. Richard paid close attention to
his explanation. Richard thanked the waiter. Following his instructions,
Richard made a flower with the cream. He tried to be as
precise as he could. No sooner had he completed his
masterpiece, Julie stepped into the cafe. As she sat down, she
saw her coffee. “Wow, look at that! A white flower in the cup!
It looks so beautiful, Richard! It’s too lovely to drink,” his
friend said. “Try it,” (e) the happy man urged her. She tasted
it. “This coffee is absolutely delicious, too!” Talking and
laughing over coffee, they enjoyed the fabulous spring day.

#2016 6월 
The above graph shows the distribution of time spent by
consumers using shopping apps across various shopping
app categories in December 2011 and December 2012. 1 Of
the six categories, Retailer apps saw the greatest increase in
the share of time spent, from 15% in December 2011 to
27% in December 2012. 2 On the other hand, the share of
time spent with Online Marketplace apps decreased from
25% in December 2011 to 20% in December 2012. 3 The
Purchase Assistant app share decreased by one percentage
point from December 2011 to December 2012. 4 The share
of Price Comparison apps in December 2011 was the same
as that in December 2012. 5 Daily Deal apps showed the
smallest share of time spent in both December 2011 and
December 2012.

The project of creating the tomb of Pope Julius II was
originally given to Michelangelo in 1505, but the tomb
was not completed until 1545. It was designed by
Michelangelo himself as the pope requested. The design
called for some 40 statues, and the tomb was to be a
giant structure. Just less than a year after the initial work
on the tomb began, it stopped because of lack of funds.
When Pope Julius II died in 1513, he left money for the
completion of his tomb, so Michelangelo started work
again. After some years of carving, he completed Moses,
one of the most famous statues of the tomb. However,
the next pope, Leo X, had little interest in continuing the
project. As time went on, its scale was reduced, and the
project for the tomb was revised again and again.

The Evergreen Foundation is excited to call for
submissions for the 2015 National Essay Contest! This
contest is designed to encourage high school students to
become more aware of the importance of our environment.
Contest Theme
∙How can we preserve our forests?
Requirements & Submission Guidelines
∙High school students only
∙Only one essay per student
∙Essays must be between 1,500 and 2,000 words.
∙Due by July 15, 2015
We will announce the winners of this year’s contest
on August 15, 2015.
Only essays submitted by email will be accepted.
(email: 2015essay@evergreeners.org)
For more information, visit www.evergreeners.org.

In 1887, when the land was up for sale, grandpa
bought two hundred acres from the Granger family. In
1918, (a) he bought another two hundred. It was good
rich land. However, there were bank loans for and taxes on
the land. Unfortunately, there had not been enough money
from the cotton to pay both of them and live on. To
make things worse, the price of cotton dropped in 1930. That was why papa had gone to work, ending up in
Louisiana in 1931. (d) He set out looking for work, first
going far north and south, and finally west into Louisiana.
It was there he found work laying track for the railroad.
He worked the remainder of the year away from us, not
returning until the deep winter. The following spring after
the planting was finished, (e) he did the same. Now it
was 1933, and papa was again in Louisiana laying track. Some of it belonged to Stacey, Christopher, and John,
not to mention the part that belonged to big mama and
mama. However, papa never divided the land in his mind;
it was simply the land of our family. For it, (b) he would
work the long, hot summer pounding steel; mama would
teach and run the farm; and big mama, in her sixties,
would work like a woman in her twenties in the cotton
fields and keep the house; but always, the taxes would be
paid. Papa said that one day I would understand. When he came back from Louisiana, I asked papa
why he had to go away and why the land was so
important. (c) He took my hand and said in his quiet
way: “Look out there, Cassie. All that belongs to you.
You will never have to live on other people’s land. As
long as the family survives, you will have your own
place. That’s important. You may not understand now,
but one day you will.” I looked at papa strangely, for I
knew that all the land did not belong to me.

#2015 6월 
NAS National Wildlife Refuge, Houston
Sunday, July 20, 2014, 8:00 － 18:00
$80 per person
The tour starts at the NAS Forest & Trail
Headquarters at 8:00 am. Once we arrive at the
refuge at about 10:00 am, we will begin our
six-hour hike, searching for birds and learning
about the plants and animals of the refuge.
∙What to expect: The hike covers 3 to 4 miles
and includes moderately difficult terrain.
∙What’s provided: Transportation, lunch, and
expert guides.
∙What to bring: Comfortable shoes, long pants,
and sunblock. For more information, visit www.wls.gov/nasforest.

July 3 (Thu.) - 4 (Fri.), 2014, at the State Theater
Time: Thu. 8:00 pm / Fri. 7:00 pm
Prices: A Seats - $120 / B Seats - $90
Running Time: 2 hours
Minimum Age: Children under 7 will not be admitted.
The ballet is performed to the live music of the
State Theater Orchestra.
∙20% Early Purchase Discount until May 31
- To receive this discount, you must purchase your
tickets from our website at www.statetheater.com.
∙Phone Reservations: 887-885-7909
- Business hours: 09:00 － 18:00 (7 days a week)
∙Cancellation Policy
- On the day of performance: No refund
- 1～5 days before the performance: 30% cancellation fee

The above graph shows the percentage of U.S. advertising
spending by media and consumer time spent using each type
of media in 2011. ① In the case of TV, both advertising
spending and consumer time spent took up the largest
proportion with 43% and 40%, respectively. ② Print
ranked second in advertising spending, whereas it ranked
last in consumer time spent. ③ Web accounted for the third
largest proportion in both advertising spending and
consumer time spent. ④ As for the percentage gap between
advertising spending and consumer time spent, Radio
showed the smallest gap. ⑤ The percentage gap between
advertising spending and consumer time spent was larger in
Web than in Mobile.

During her childhood years, the artist Tammy Rahr spent
a lot of time outdoors making things from flowers and dirt.
Then Tammy and her family moved from the woodlands of
New York State to an urban city outside of Los Angeles,
California. The experience made her more aware of what was
going on in the world. After returning to New York State
with her family, Tammy faced another lesson in growing up.
A gifted student, she was sent to college when she was just
14. Tammy was able to earn her high school diploma and
some college credit before trying her hand at a number of
different jobs. Eventually, she moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico,
and studied at the Institute of American Indian Arts. After
graduating from the institute, she remained active with it and
the museum there

It was my last football game as a college player. I made
the final tackle and we won. As people chanted my
name, (a) I was carried off the field on the shoulders of
my teammates. Although I wasn’t a great student or a
great football player, I ended up not only graduating from
my dream university but becoming a hero of the team.
People keep asking me how I did it. Here is my story. I was born into a large poor family in Chicago. As a kid,
I had visions of being a hero ― a police officer or an
astronaut. However, people would always tell me, “You
can’t do that. You aren’t smart enough. You aren’t strong
enough.” Moreover, (d) I didn’t do well in school, and I had
no hope of getting into any college. After high school, I
gave up on my dream of going to college and got a
part-time job instead. I felt like I was living in a box labeled
“This is where you belong.” It was so hard to break out of the box, but (b) I began to feel an urgent need for a change. I signed up for the
Army and went to the Vietnam War. A lot of people were
worried, but I said, “Well, I’m going to get out of my box
by deciding what to do myself instead of having someone
else tell (c) me what to do.” With that one crucial shift in
thinking, my whole attitude changed. I began to dream of
going to one of the best universities in the country and
playing football. After I finished my time in the Army, I packed my bags
and went to my dream university. I knocked on the door
of one of the professors’ offices and said, “Please, tell me
how to get in here.” The professor could see that I was
determined. He said, “I can’t let you in the university, but
(e) I will see you whenever you need my advice or help.”
It took me a long time, but I eventually got into that
university, became a football player, and graduated.

#2014 6월
The above graph shows the comparison between the allocated budget and actual spending for six departments at Triton Ventures in 2012. ① The Customer Service department was allocated 60,000 dollars, which was greater than the amount allocated to any other department. ② On the other hand, in terms of actual spending, the top two departments that spent the most were Marketing and Development. ③ The Customer Service and Information Technology departments spent the same amount of money, which was 20,000 dollars. ④ The actual spending by the Administration department was less than half the allocated budget. ⑤ The Sales department showed the largest gap between the allocated budget and its actual spending among the six departments.

In her art, Georgia O’Keeffe clearly showed a pioneering spirit and an intensely individual style. At age twenty-seven, while teaching art in South Carolina, O’Keeffe began a series of simple, abstract charcoal drawings that expressed her own ideas and feelings. She sent these drawings to a friend in New York, who showed them to Alfred Stieglitz, the owner of the influential gallery 291. Stieglitz hailed them as the “purest, finest, sincerest things.” O’Keeffe’s greatest source of inspiration was nature. Her best-known paintings are large, extreme close-ups of flowers; the simplified and magnified views compel us to look at them in a new way and to discover their inner essence. At the same time, the paintings become abstract arrangements of color and line, light and shadow. While in New Mexico, she was also fascinated by the simple geometric grace of adobe churches and the majesty of the desert.

We are very happy to announce that our library has been selected as one of the top 10 libraries in the nation this year. Hours Monday through Friday 9:00 a.m. － 8:00 p.m. Closed on weekends and holidays Check - out and Return Policy Each person is allowed to check out up to 5 books at a time. Books must be returned within 2 weeks from the check-out date. Special Events ∙ Meet the Author (June 14th) - Come and meet Janet Oxford, the author of the bestseller The Treasure of the Desert . ∙ Book Sale (June 21st) - All new books will be 20% off, and all used books will be 50% off. We offer a free educational program, “Observatory Nights,” on the third Thursday of every month. It features a lecture and telescopic observing from the observatory roof. ∙ Admission and parking are free. ∙ The lectures are intended for high school students. ∙ Seating is limited and available on a first-come basis. ∙ Doors open at 5:00 p.m.; the program begins at 8:00 p.m. ∙ If it is rainy on the day of the event, the program will be canceled. For more information, call the Education Affairs Office at (617) 555-2176.

#2013 6월 
This graph shows the number of U.S. Science and Engineering (S & E) doctoral degrees earned by students from China, India, South Korea, and Taiwan from 1987 to 2007. ① In 1987, Taiwan had the largest number of S & E doctoral degree recipients from U.S. institutions while China had the least. ② However, China quickly caught up to the other countries by 1990, and has since produced the most U.S. S & E doctoral degree recipients of the four Asian countries. ③ Between 2001 and 2005, more U.S. S & E doctorates were given to South Korean students than to their Indian peers. ④ What is noticeable is that since the early 1990s, all four countries have consistently showed a steady increase in the number of U.S. S & E doctoral degree recipients. ⑤ From 1987 to 2007, none of the four Asian countries broke the barrier of receiving 5,000 U.S. S & E doctorates in a single year, but China came closest when it received 4,500 in 2007.

Patience Lovell Wright was a successful artist who specialized in creating wax figures of famous people. Although Patience had received little formal education and what she knew about art was mostly self-taught, she was very skilled, and her work quickly became popular. She was also a devoted Patriot. When the war broke out, she immediately began to work for the Continental Army. She easily picked up information not only from her clients but also from women with whom she socialized often. Patience thrived on danger. Toward the end of the American Revolution, she became deeply involved in a plot to overthrow the king. Without financial backing, the plotters were forced to abandon their plan. Patience consoled herself by recognizing the part she had played in the American Revolution as one of the Patriots’ most colorful spies. 

The small jerboa lives in deserts across the world. Jerboas have big eyes and, like many desert animals, they can see very well at night. In the late evening, they come out of their holes and look for food ― mostly seeds and plants. Jerboas are very well adapted to life in the desert. Some jerboas do not need to drink, because they get water from their food. In the hot summer, some jerboas sleep under the sand for two or three months. Jerboas also live in cold deserts like the Gobi. Here, they sleep in their holes in the winter and stay away from the snow. Jerboas can move very fast across the sand. They have huge back legs and they can jump up to three meters in one move. They do this when they need to run away from other animals.

#2012 6월  
The graph above shows the types of websites people use when they look for new information online. The most preferred type of websites is Search Engines , whereas the least preferred type of websites is Facebook, Myspace, Twitter, etc . The combined percentage of the two most preferred types of websites is seventy one.While there is only a three percent difference between the top two most preferred types of websites, there is more than a twenty percent gap between the second and the third most preferred types of websites. The three least preferred types of websites are Wikipedia , Blogs , and Facebook, Myspace, Twitter, etc . When the percentages of the types of websites in Social Media are combined, the result exceeds the percentage of Sites Dedicated to a Specific Area by ten percent.

Guillaume de Machaut, who was famous as both a musician and a poet, was born in the French province of Champagne. He studied theology and spent much of his life in the service of various royal families. Around 1323, he became secretary and chaplain to John, king of Bohemia, whom he accompanied on trips and military campaigns throughout Europe. In his later years he lived mainly in Reims, where he served as a church official. Machaut traveled to many courts and presented beautifully decorated copies of his music and poetry to his noble patrons. These copies make Machaut one of the first important composers whose works have survived. The decline of the church in the fourteenth century is reflected in Machaut’s output, which consists mainly of courtly love songs for one to four performers.

What’s faster than a speeding bullet and isn’t named Superman? The answer is the Bloodhound Car, or soon will be. Now being built in England, it is expected to be completed within a year. Powered by three engines, it is designed to go 1,050 miles per hour (mph), which would blast past the current land speed record of 763 mph, set in 1997. It is 13 meters long, 1.5 meters wide and 2 meters tall, and weighs 6.4 tons. Due to its enormous weight, it won’t be the quickest car in the world from 0 to 100 mph, as it will take 15 seconds. But after that, it will only take 25 seconds to go from 100 to 1,000 mph! The Bloodhound Car is scheduled to make its record-breaking attempt in 2013 at the Hakskeen Pan Desert in South Africa.

#2011 6월
The graph above shows the percentage of population growth and forest loss in the continents of the world since 1990. Africa shows the highest percentage of population growth, whereas Europe shows the lowest percentage of population growth. Africa also shows the highest percentage of forest loss, followed by Latin America, Oceania, Asia and North America. The only continent that exhibits a negative percentage in forest loss, which translates to forest gain, is Europe. A point of note is that while Asia and Oceania have similar percentages of population growth, Oceania displays less forest loss than Asia. Overall, there are only two continents whose percentage of forest loss is greater than five percent.

Known as the Golden City, Jaisalmer, a former caravan center on the route to the Khyber Pass, rises from a sea of sand, its 30-foot-high walls and medieval sandstone fort sheltering palaces that soar into the sapphire sky. With its tiny winding lanes and hidden temples, Jaisalmer is straight out of The Arabian Nights . So little has the way of life altered here that it is easy to imagine yourself back in the 13th century. It is the only fortress city in India still functioning, with one quarter of its population living within the walls. It is just far enough off the beaten path to have been spared damage from tourists. The city’s wealth originally came from the substantial tolls it placed on passing merchants.

The best-known female artist of the sixteenth century, Sofonisba Anguissola, was born into a noble Italian family. Her mother died young, leaving her wealthy husband with five talented daughters. Unusual of the time, this liberal father gave his daughters a full classical education including painting. It was this enlightened attitude that enabled Anguissola to earn her own living as a portrait painter in the Spanish court and helped her to rise above the restrictions of her class and gender. In Three Sisters Playing Chess , Anguissola broke with tradition by concentrating on those scenes and models available to her, painting her sisters in a domestic setting. This gave the portrait an immediacy, which allowed the contemporary Italian art historian Vasari to attribute to her the development of the conversational portrait, as opposed to the formal frontal or profile portrait.

#2010 6월 
The above table shows the differences in technology product use on a weekly basis among grade groups of students and teachers in the U.S. As the students go up in grade group, the percentage of technology product use also increases. The percentage of desktop computer use is the highest, immediately followed by that of video game player use by all three student groups. With respect to cell phones, 39% of the students in the kindergarten to grade 3 group use them, whereas 49% and 75% of the students in the grade 4~6 and 7~12 groups use them, respectively. For desktop and laptop computer use, the teachers show a higher percentage than all three student groups. The teachers have a lower percentage of MP3 player and video game player use than all three student groups.

Costa Rica means ‘rich coast’ in Spanish. It was discovered in 1502 and named by Christopher Columbus, who thought it might be a land rich with gold. However, Costa Rica has no great mineral wealth. It has, instead, rich soil and a moderate climate. While other Latin American nations suffered exploitation from outside the region and developed societies split by class conflict between rich and poor, Costa Rica developed an agricultural economy made up of numerous small farmers. There was not great wealth, but what there was was spread evenly. Costa Rica continued its unusual development after it separated from Spain in 1821, becoming the first Latin American country to abolish slavery. In 1889 the little nation held the first free election in Latin America.

In the early 1960s, Jill Norris, the mother of two sons with learning difficulties, began to exchange appropriate toys with other families; out of this she founded the Toy Libraries Association (TLA). The association opened toy libraries in community centers, clinics, schools, public libraries, and hospitals around the world. From these toy libraries parents and children could borrow toys knowing that they have been thoroughly tried and tested, not only for their play value but also for safety. Over the years, the association has involved leading professional educators and therapists, alongside parents, in the production of numerous publications on specific toys and aspects of play. In its early years, the association was opposed by the toy industry because it was likely to reduce sales of toys as children were borrowing them.

#2009 6월 
The above chart shows the economic advantage of transgenic cotton farming over conventional farming in four countries in 2003. In all the countries, the seed cost for the transgenic crop was higher than that for the conventional one. However, lower pesticide costs, higher yields, and higher revenues made the transgenic crop more profitable. The profit ratio varied from country to country. In Argentina, the ratio of the transgenic seed cost to the cost of the conventional one was higher than that of the other countries. In South Africa, the profit ratio of the transgenic crop to the conventional one was the highest, followed by China. Among the nations, Mexico’s crop produced the lowest ratios in yield and profit as compared to the conventional one.

Some people think the languages of so-called primitive peoples are so simple that they have limited vocabularies of only a few hundred words. This is not the case. Like other languages, these languages usually have only as many words as the people need to express themselves. They may lack the scientific and technical words of the more “civilized” languages, such as English. But their words for tools, animals, plants, and other everyday things run into the thousands. Dictionaries written for the Navaho Indians, for example, list 11,000 Navaho words; for the African Zulus, 17,000; for the Dakota Indians, 19,000; for the Maya Indians of Mexico and Central America, 20,000.

Jorge Luis Borges, the most influential short-story writer in Latin America, was born in Buenos Aires. Prosperous but not rich, his family was respected in Latin American history, and included several famous military heroes. He did not attend school till he was nine, but he was taught at home by a British tutor. His father, who practiced law, encouraged him to read a lot. In 1921, he began publishing poems and essays. He got his first job as an assistant librarian in 1937, because he had to support his family after his father’s death. Over the next 15 years he published most of the stories that would win international fame―collected in four volumes. He never attempted a novel, because his genius was best expressed through the shorter forms of literature.

#2008 6월 
The chart above shows the changes in the number of birds and of bird species on an island off the coast of Korea from December 2005 to November 2006. The largest number of birds was observed in December, and the largest number of species was observed in May. July contained the smallest number of both birds and species. The greatest decrease in the number of species was observed from June to July. There was a continuous decrease in the number of birds from April to July. In contrast, a continuous increase in the number of birds was noted from July to November.

Oaks are kings of the forest. Most of these trees take 100 years to reach maturity. They can grow up to 150 feet high. The trees have thick trunks and large, wide-spreading branches. The leaf is usually deeply toothed, but in some species it is almost smooth at the edge. Oaks vary in appearance but are easily recognized by their fruit―a round nut set in a woody cup. Native Americans and New England pioneers boiled and ate the nuts of the white oak. Squirrels and some birds store them for winter food. Oaks grow widely throughout the mild temperature zone of the Northern Hemisphere. A few species grow at high altitudes in the tropics.

Maria Edgeworth was born in Oxfordshire in 1767. On her father’s second marriage in 1773, she went with him to Ireland. Her father employed her in keeping accounts and in dealing with tenants. She also acquired a familiarity with fashionable people and with poor Irish farmers, all of which was to be of use in her novels. Her father made her a confidential friend, and he also became her literary adviser. Much of her early writing was for children, and it was not until 1800 that she appeared as a novelist for adult readers with the publication of Castle Rackrent. Its detailed description of Irish characters made the book an instant success. After the publication of the book, she became one of Ireland’s major female writers.

#2007 6월
The above chart shows how to cook meat using a microwave oven. The meat is heated in the oven during the microwave time. After the microwave time, it continues to cook by itself during the standing time. Now it is ready to be eaten. As you can see in the chart, the power level should be set to medium-high to cook meat properly in the microwave oven. It takes more microwave time to cook lamb ribs than pork chops. Beef steak and turkey breast both take the same total time. You can eat chicken wings six minutes after they go into the oven. You should let chicken wings cook longer than beef steak.

Malthus and Richardo were economists from totally different backgrounds. Whereas Malthus came from an old English family and took holy orders in the Church of England, Richardo was born the son of a Jewish immigrant in 1772. His father, Abraham Richardo, was one of the twelve “Jew Brokers” permitted to practice as a stockbroker in London. While Malthus received careful tutoring and schooling at Cambridge, Richardo went to work with his father at fourteen and began to learn complicated financial systems and strategies “on the job,” so to speak. And he learned well. By his mid-twenties, the man with the “Midas touch” had established his own business and made a fortune through stocks and real estate investments.

Pay toilets used to be the rule in airports and bus and train stations. They were never meant to be profit-making enterprises, but a method to help pay the cost of cleaning the restrooms. It was thought that the entrance fee would motivate users to keep them cleaner. It didn’t work, though. Instead, pay toilets were often trashed by angry users. The vast majority of pay toilets were operated by city governments, but they were not able to endure the complaints and the operating difficulties. Consequently, pay toilets have been gradually fading out of sight. 

#2006 6월
The Sea Cloud is a legendary ship. Built in 1932 at a time when the greatest attention was paid to detail and fine craftsmanship, the Sea Cloud is decorated with original oil paintings, antique furniture, and rich wood paneling. The cabins are beautifully decorated, some with fireplaces, and each with a private marble bathroom. Breakfast and lunch are buffet style and there is a sit-down meal served for dinner. A journey aboard the Sea Cloud, which carries only 64 passengers, is an intimate experience on one of the most elegant vessels on the sea.
Wolf spiders are a group of ground-dwelling hunting spiders. There are more than 2,000 types of wolf spiders. Their sizes range from 2mm to 40mm. Some wolf spiders can even walk on the surface of a pond. They use their front legs to catch their prey, and then they bite and crush the prey. Some even build a trapdoor which they hide under, then when their prey comes on the trapdoor, they jump out at it. When the spider is pregnant, she attaches the egg sac to herself, then she tears the egg sac open. The babies crawl onto the mother and stay there for about one week.

#2005 6월 
Honey has been used since very ancient times because it was the only way early man could get sugar. It was used by the ancients to make a medical beverage called “mead,” a mixture of honey with wine and other alcoholic drinks. In Egypt, it was used in making mummies. In ancient India, it was used to preserve fruit and to make cakes and other foods. There are also hundreds of ways in which honey is used today. For example, it gives flavor to fruits, candies, and baked goods. It has been used in healing wounds and cuts. It has also been used in hand lotions, in cigarettes, in antifreeze, and even as the center of golf balls! 
The combine relieved farmers of much of the burden of harvest. It enabled farmers to rescue crops which otherwise might have been lost. The combine was first developed for use in countries where the climate was suitable for grain production. It was said that the climate in such countries as the British Isles was totally unsuitable for its use. However, this was not true. Combines work in quite damp conditions. The use of a combine resulted in a big reduction in the time and labor required to harvest a given crop because only one or, at the most, two men were needed to operate the machine. Other labor required to transport the grain to storage was not excessive. 

#2004 6월
Wrigley Field, which was built in 1914, is still playing host to Major League Baseball. It is the second-oldest ballpark in the majors. Originally named Weeghman Park, it was renamed Wrigley Field in 1926 in honor of the new owner of the Cubs, William Wrigley, Jr. The fence is covered with ivy, which was planted by Bill Veeck in 1938. The scoreboard dates back to 1937 and is still manually operated. Today, with nearly every team in Major League Baseball wanting a new ballpark, the Cubs continue to play at Wrigley Field without wanting a new stadium built.
John Williams is famous for his ability to write powerful and highly effective music for movies. Mr. Williams has been writing music for movies since 1960, but he is perhaps best known for his award-winning scores for movies such as Jaws, Star Wars, and Schindler’s List. Before he began writing music for the movies, Mr. Williams dreamed of being a concert pianist. During the 1950s, Mr. Williams was into jazz and he worked in New York with many jazz artists. Later, he moved to Los Angeles and got a job writing music for television shows. It was this television job which led him into movies.

#2019 9월
This graph shows the distribution of university graduates in
Canada by age group in 1996, 2001, and 2007. Although its
share was less than 50% in each of the three years, the group of
university graduates aged 22 to 24 accounted for the largest
single share in those respective years. The second largest
single share of university graduates in each of the three years
was held by those who were 25 to 29 years old. The share of
university graduates who were 30 years old and over was
higher than 20% in each of the three years. In 1996, the
share of the group of university graduates aged 18 to 21 was
7.7%, and the share of the same age group was 6% in 2001.
In 2007, the combined share of those who were 25 to 29
years old and those who were 30 years old and over accounted
for more than 50% of that year’s university graduates.

Victor Borge, born in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1909, was a
comedian and pianist. Initially a concert musician, Victor Borge
soon developed a performance style that combined comedy
with classical music. When the Nazis invaded Denmark in
1940, he was performing in Sweden, and a short time later
managed to escape to America. When he arrived in the U.S., he
didn’t speak a word of English. Learning English by watching
movies, he soon managed to translate his jokes for the American
audience. In 1948, Victor Borge became an American citizen
and a few years later was offered a show of his own, Comedy in
Music. The show remains the longest-running one-man show in
Broadway history. At the age of 90, he still performed 60 times
a year. He died on December 23rd, 2000 at his home in
Greenwich, Connecticut, U.S.

◈ Learning Modes
LnT-Bot features three learning modes:
∙alphabet letters and sounds
∙names of objects
∙numbers and counting
◈ Learning Chips
∙30 learning chips are included.
∙Insert a chip in LnT-Bot’s forehead slot and pictures will
appear on the LCD screen.
◈ Fun Features
∙Say “Hi, Bot,” and LnT-Bot will say “Hello” back.
∙Clap your hands once, and LnT-Bot will dance.
∙Clap your hands twice, and LnT-Bot will sing one of 10
recorded songs.

Notac High School is now accepting your original and
critical book reviews.
▣ Submission
∙When: From September 10, 2018 to September 21, 2018
∙How: Submit your book review by email to admin@notachs.net.
▣ Divisions
Each participant must enter one of the divisions below.
(Only one entry per participant)
∙Poetry ∙Fiction ∙Non-fiction
▣ Guidelines
∙Your review must:
1. Be your own work.
2. Be written about a book on the given booklist.
3. Be less than 1,500 words.
* Winners will be announced on the school website on
October 1, 2018. No individual notifications will be made.
For more information, visit www.notachs.net.

Over the last week, Jason had been feeling worried about
his daughter, Sally. For two months now, Sally had been
absorbed, perhaps even excessively, in studying birds. He
was afraid she might begin to ignore her schoolwork. While
shopping, Jason was glad to run into his old friend Jennifer, a
bird expert working at the local university. Maybe (a) she
could help ease his concern. Upon hearing about Sally’s
interest, Jennifer invited them both to visit her office to see
just how deep Sally’s fascination was. Two days later, Jason and Sally visited Jennifer’s office. Sally was delighted by the books about birds and she joyfully
looked at the beautiful pictures in them. It was while Jason
and Jennifer were talking that Sally suddenly shouted, “Oh,
I’ve seen this bird!” “Impossible,” replied Jennifer, not
believing it. “This book shows rare birds. You can’t see any
of them around here.” But (c) she insisted, “I spotted a pair of
them in their nest in a huge oak tree nearby!” Jennifer walked up to Sally and took a close look at the
page. (d) She calmly said, “That’s the black robin of Chathas
Island. It’s one of the rarest birds, Sally. You couldn’t have
seen it in this town.” Yet Sally persisted. “In that case, can
you show (e) me the nest?” asked Jennifer. “Yes, I can right
now if you want,” answered Sally full of confidence. Jennifer
put on her coat, pulled out a pair of binoculars, and stepped
out. Sally and Jason followed. Approaching the tree, Sally shouted excitedly, “There, that’s the nest!” Jennifer looked up to see a small cup-shaped
nest within a fork of the branches. Quickly, (b) she took out
her binoculars and peered where Sally pointed. In the fading
evening light, she found the two rare black birds in their nest.
“See, didn’t I tell you?” exclaimed Sally. Looking at her in
joyful surprise, both Jason and Jennifer were proud of Sally.
They now recognized her extraordinary gift and passion as a
bird-watcher.

#2018 9월 
The above graph shows the number of multipurpose
industrial robots per 10,000 employees in 2011 for six selected
countries. All of the six countries have more multipurpose
industrial robots per 10,000 employees in automotive
industries than in all other industries. Among the countries
in the graph, Japan has the largest number of multipurpose
industrial robots per 10,000 employees in automotive
industries. While the Republic of Korea has the smallest
number of multipurpose industrial robots per 10,000
employees in automotive industries, it has the largest number
in all other industries. Both the USA and the United
Kingdom have more than 600 units of multipurpose industrial
robots per 10,000 employees in automotive industries but
have fewer than 200 units in all other industries. Among the
six countries in the graph, Japan, Italy, and Germany are the
top three countries for the number of multipurpose industrial
robots per 10,000 employees in automotive industries.

The brown tree snake has a large head with sticking-out
eyes. The head is distinct from the narrow neck. Its body
usually has a light brown background with a series of darker
markings or bands on it. The snake is about 38 centimeters
when it comes out of its egg, and usually reaches 1 to 2
meters long. This snake is infamous for causing the extinction
of the majority of native bird species in Guam. Shortly after
World War II, the brown tree snake was accidentally brought
into Guam from its native range in the South Pacific,
probably as an unwanted passenger on a ship or plane. It is
not hunted or eaten by any other animals in Guam and is
therefore at the top of its food chain, which has led the snake
to increase dramatically in number.

Next week, we will be holding our school charity
collection to help local students. We welcome donations
of your gently-used items.
What to donate:
Clothes, bags, books, and small electronics
* No cash donations will be accepted.
How to donate:
Put all items into a box and write your name on it.
Leave your box at the collection point in our school gym.
When to donate:
From September 18 to September 22 (during normal
school hours)
Please try to remember to show your goodwill and
support! For more information, contact the school office
at 0093-1234-5678.

The Best Booth Contest is one of the main events of
the Gold Rose Flower Festival. Participation in the
contest is free of charge, and the best-looking booths will
be chosen as winners. Please come and join in the fun!
Judging Standards
∙Use of this year’s “Fantasy” theme
∙Design originality
∙Votes received by visitors
Prizes
∙First place: $200
∙Second place: $100
∙Third place: $50
Contest Schedule
∙Judging: October 20-21 (Friday & Saturday) from
9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
∙Award ceremony: October 21 (Saturday) at 5:00 p.m.
Contest Registration
To register your booth, please email the festival manager
at mholden@bbcgrff.org.

An important lesson to remember is that we should try to
see the positives in life even while we are stuck in the
middle of trouble. Riccardo, who was named after his father,
an immigrant from Mexico, learned this lesson at a young
age. Although the family called him Ricky, his father had his
own nickname for him: Good-for-Nothing. Why did the
elder Riccardo call (a) him that? Because Ricky hated
fishing. His father saw this very negatively, because he was a
fisherman. He loved the fishing business. So did all of his
sons, except for Good-for-Nothing Ricky. The boy did not
like being on the boat, and the smell of fish made him sick.
Instead, Ricky ― who was not afraid of hard work ―
delivered newspapers, shined shoes, worked in the office, and
even repaired nets. (e) His income went to the family. Even
so, his father was strongly dissatisfied with him and still
always said that he was good for nothing. Since these jobs were not fishing, his father saw no value
in them. Young Ricky hated fishing. Everything would be
fine if it were not fishing, he thought to himself. Soon, Ricky
began to follow his older brother who used to play sandlot
ball. For Ricky, playing baseball with (c) him was a way to
forget his hardship. Fortunately, Ricky was very good at it,
and was treated like a hero among his playmates. When
Ricky was sixteen, he decided to drop out of school to
become a baseball player. And by the time he was through
with baseball, (d) he had become a legend. The nation came to know Ricky as the most complete
player of his generation, and he was voted into the Hall of
Fame. And his father, the elder Riccardo, what did he think
about it? Though he had wanted all of his sons to join the
family business, he was finally proud of Ricky and respected
his accomplishments. Ricky held onto hope in one of the
most difficult moments of (b) his life and achieved
greatness.

#2017 9월 
The above graph shows the percentage of Americans in
different age groups who said it was “generally OK” to use a
cellphone in different settings in 2014. In the setting of “On
public transportation,” the younger groups are more accepting
than the older ones regarding cellphone use.“When walking
down the street” is the setting in which people aged 30-49 are
more permissive towards cellphone use than the other age
groups. As for “At restaurants,” 50% of the 18-29 year olds
answer that it is acceptable to use cellphones while 26% of those
65 and older say the same. Only 4% of people in each of the
two age groups, 30-49 and 50-64, agree that cellphone use is
acceptable in the setting of “At movie theaters or other quiet
places.” In the same setting, less than 10% of people in each
age group answer that it is acceptable to use cellphones.

The !Kung San, also known as the Bushmen, live in the
Kalahari Desert in southern Africa. The “!K” in the name
“!Kung” is like the sound that occurs when a cork is pulled
from a bottle. Traditionally, they lived by hunting and
gathering, the way of life that was the universal mode of
human existence until 10,000 years ago. The total population
of the !Kung San in 1986 was about 15,000, with most of
them living in nonhunting and gathering situations on
cattleposts or farms. The !Kung San in the Dobe area of
Botswana were divided into twenty five groups with a mean
size of eighteen to twenty people. The !Kung San in that area
had abundant food supply and a lot of leisure time. The main
food crop was the wild mongongo nut, millions of which were
harvested every year.

The grand opening of our brand-new sports
center is on November 30th, but we still don’t
have a name! Please take this opportunity to be part of
Watford Community history, and help us name it!
Entry Submission
∙September 1st—30th on our website (www.watfordcc.org)
The three best entries will be selected by the Watford
volunteer group and will be made available online for
voting to decide the winner.
Vote
∙October 15th—31st on our website
Winner Announcement
∙November 3rd on our website
∙Prize: a one-year sports center membership
We’re looking for the most dynamic and fun names,
so get your entries in now!
Watford Community Council

Experience our Fashion Career Discovery Day and unlock
pathways to a fulfilling career in fashion! Your day will
include interviews with professional designers, as well as the
opportunity to watch a fashion show.
Date: Saturday, November 5, 2016
Time: 10 a.m.—4 p.m.
Location: Pavilion Fashion Plaza
716 East Livera Street
Ticket Price: $20 per person (lunch and souvenir included)
A minimum of 15 participants is necessary for group
bookings to receive a 10% discount.
Reservations are required and must be made on our website
(www.pfp2016.org) by 6 p.m., Thursday, November 3, 2016.
Please email us at fashioncdd@pfp2016.org for further
information.

What interested me the most about the new house was the
stable in the backyard, in which my father let me make a
small space for a pony. I believed that it meant that I would
get a pony for Christmas. (a) He also said, “Lennie, someday
you’ll have a pony of your own.” However, “some day” is a
pain to a boy who lives in and knows only “now.” Meanwhile my father took me to a pony fair and let me try
some ponies, but (b) he always found some fault with them,
leaving me in despair. When Christmas was at hand, I had
abandoned all hope of getting one. Instead, I hung up the
biggest stocking I had. Waking up at 7 a.m., my little sisters
and I raced for the fireplace downstairs. While my sisters
were delighted to find their stockings filled with presents,
mine was empty. I went out into the yard and wept all by
myself.
After an hour, my frustration reached its climax, when I saw
a man riding a pony with a brand-new saddle. When he looked
at our door, he just passed by, which caused me to break into a
flood of tears. Then, he said, “Kid, do you know a boy named
Lennie Steffens?” “That’s me,” I replied in tears. He said,
“I’ve been looking all over for your house. Why don’t you put
your house number where it can be seen?” He went on saying,
“I should have been here at 7. Your father told me to bring the
pony here and leave (c) him for you.”
I’d never seen anything so beautiful as my pony. And finally,
I rode off into the fields. Thrilled by riding, I began to feast my
eyes on the world around me. The trees seemed to be taking on
smiling faces and the birds seemed to be singing to congratulate
me on getting my new friend. When I returned home, my father
asked, “Why did you come back so soon?” With a smile on my
face, I answered (d) him, “I didn’t want to make him feel tired.
It’s his first day with me.” (e) He laughed and wiped away the
tear stains from my face ― his heartfelt gesture of apology for
such a long-delayed present. Bursting with happiness, I spent
the rest of the day brushing my pony in the stable.

#2016 9월
The above graph shows the percentages of fruit and
vegetable consumption 5 or more times per day by age group
and gender in Canada in 2008. Most notably, in each age
group, the percentage of female consumption of fruit and
vegetables 5 or more times per day was higher than that of
males. cross all age groups, less than 50 percent of males
consumed fruit and vegetables 5 or more times per day.
Among female groups, the 25 to 34 age group showed the
highest percentage; among male groups, the 12 to 17 age group
did so. The percentage gap between males and females in
fruit and vegetable consumption 5 or more times per day was
smallest in the 12 to 17 age group, and largest in the 18 to 24
age group. The percentage of female consumption of fruit
and vegetables 5 or more times per day in the 18 to 24 age
group was higher than that of the 35 to 44 age group by 0.1
percentage point.

Richard Porson, one of Britain’s most notable classical
scholars, was born on Christmas in 1759. His talents were
recognized early, and he was sent to Eton College by wealthy
sponsors at 15. Four years later, he entered Cambridge
University. He significantly improved Greek texts and edited
four plays written by Euripides. In 1806, he was elected
Principal Librarian at the newly founded London Institution.
During his lifetime, he collected a great many books on
classical literature. Although the number of books he owned
in total is simply unknown, an episode about his passion for
books is well-known: he carried so many books that he was
able to pull book after book out of his pocket when a student
tried to show off his knowledge of Greek writers. Despite his
fame as a classical scholar, he actually published little. On
September 25, 1808, three months before reaching age 49,
Porson died.

The Little Swimmers Program is now looking for
swimming instructors.
- It is a summer vacation swimming program for
children aged 8-10.
- It is a 4-week program beginning on August 1.
Requirements
- Over 20 years of age
- Previous experience in teaching children
- Lifeguard and first aid certifications
Applicants should download the application form from
the website at www.littleswimmersclub.com. After
completing the form, submit it by e-mail at lsp@me.com
no later than July 15. For additional inquiries, please
contact us at 123-456-7890 or visit our website.

Graduating students, it’s party time! Come and join
us. We’ll make the last unforgettable memories of our
high school life. The celebration includes dinner, a
photo slide show, music performances and dancing.
You can bring up to two friends.
∙Time & Date: 7:00 p.m. on May 22
∙Location: Westhampton High School Gym
∙Dress Code: Formal wear
∙Entrance Fee: $20 per person
This event is hosted by the Student Council. For more
info, see the website: www.westhamptonhs.wsh.org.

Peter Anderson was exhausted when he finally opened the
front door of his apartment. He teaches first graders, which
means he lives in a world of riddles, birthday cakes, and
pointless stories. (a) His world is dominated by 6-year-olds.
Throwing himself with his leather bag on the long,
comfortable sofa, he closed his eyes and reviewed the events
of the day. Today was especially busy and wearying, and Anderson
wondered whether he was really suitable for teaching. He was
stressed as kids constantly sought (d) his attention. At snack
time, Emily wanted him to open her milk carton, so he did. As
she was drinking, Scott spilled his milk and Anderson had to
help (e) him clean it up. Then Jenny, Andrew, Mark, and . . . .
Kids never ceased. However, he still loved them. That’s also
what he had said in the interview for the position. It was held in a seminar room where Anderson met the
principal for the first time three years ago. The principal
asked why he chose to work with young children. (b) He
answered that he loved helping children learn to write their
names for the first time, finding someone a new friend, and
sharing in the joy of reading. But, as time passed, his
commitment and passion seemed to fade gradually. He
recalled his strong conviction during the interview. That’s why Anderson took the job in the first place even
though some of his friends attempted to persuade him to be a
lawyer or businessman. (c) He shook his head and opened his
eyes. As he struggled to get up, he saw something fall from his
bag. It was a birthday card from his students, decorated with
all kinds of odd-shaped but colorful hearts and scribbled
names. “Dear Mr. Anderson, happy birthday to you. It’s our
surprise gift for you. We love you!” Anderson could not help
but smile. He already felt much better.

#2015 9월
The great and ancient stone circle
of Stonehenge is one of the
greatest wonders of the world.
Enjoy the stones with a fascinating audio-guided tour, in
the language of your choice!
Included Highlights
∙Express Service to Stonehenge by Luxury Bus
∙Stonehenge Guidebook
Prices & Bus Departures
∙Adults: £44.00 Children (3-12): £39.00
Seniors (60 and over) / Students: £42.00
∙Days: Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday
∙Times & Places: 10:00 am, Royal National Hotel
11:00 am, Victoria Station
To secure your seat, please arrive at least 15 minutes
prior to departure or book online 24 hours in advance.

★ A 2-day camp for children aged 6 and over
(Children under 6 must be accompanied by an adult.)
★ Time: 1:00 pm - 6:00 pm, on both days
★ Learn How To:
- use library facilities
- produce online videos
- create your own story books
∙Spaces are limited, so advance registration is required.
Registrations are accepted only at www.premont.lib.
∙No registration fee
∙For further details, contact Ms. Huggon
at huggon@premont.lib or (877) 123-4567.

The pie charts above show the Breakdown of Solid
Waste, particularly focusing on Domestic Waste, of the
state of New South Wales, Australia. 1 With regard to
Total Urban Solid Waste, the percentage of Commercial &
Industrial is more than twice as high as that of
Construction & Demolition. 2 The Domestic category
makes up about a third of Total Urban Solid Waste. 3 Of
Domestic Waste, Food & Garden accounts for the highest
percentage, while the percentage of Ferrous is the lowest.
4 Other Waste is 15% of Domestic Waste, which is five
times higher than the percentage of Plastics. 5 Diapers
and Glass each are less than five percent of Domestic
Waste.

Living rock cactus is one of the most peculiar plants
found in the desert. For most of the year, it blends into
the rocky limestone soils of the Dead Horse Mountains,
Mariscal Mountain, and the hills along the Rio Grande.
You may step on one before you notice it. Spineless and
flat against the ground, it has triangular tubercles that
overlap in a star-shaped pattern. In extremely dry conditions,
living rock cactus is almost invisible: it literally shrinks
into the surrounding rocky soil. Moisture is stored in the
root, and during droughts the root shrinks, dragging the
stem underground. These spineless plants survive by
blending into their native habitat. As added protection,
they store foul-tasting, poisonous alkaloids in their bodies.

Jim Nelson, a junior at Manti High School, was an
outstanding athlete. He had just made the school
basketball team, one of the best in the state. But on
October 23, 1996, most of (a) his athletic future was
suddenly taken away from him. Jim was riding his
bicycle at night to visit his friend. The road was very
steep in some places. It was very dark and difficult to see.
As he came around a sloping curve on his bicycle, Jim
hit a car parked on the side of the road. (c) He ended
up in the hospital. Besides bad cuts on his head, he
broke his right arm and was in a cast for two months.
Jim’s doctor gave him a series of tests. The doctor
concluded that (d) he had suffered nerve damage and
that he might never regain the full use of his right arm.
Because of his injury, Jim wasn’t able to play on the
basketball team during the rest of that year, but the
coach did make him equipment manager so that he
could come and practice. All summer long in 1997, each
and every night, (b) he practiced making left-handed
baskets. When the next season arrived, Jim was ready to
try out for the team ― and he made it again!
Jim never became a starter, but he was always the
first substitute to go in the game. Jim got a chance to
play in the last 30 seconds of the championship game
when a starting player sprained (e) his ankle. With 10
seconds left, Jim balanced the ball in his left hand and
took the shot. The crowd was deathly quiet until ―
swish! He made the three-point-shot left-handed! Jim
won not only the game but also the hearts of his
teammates for proving that with determination, no
obstacle is too great.

#2014 9월 
The Ghana Network of Volunteer Service is looking
for volunteers who are open-minded, sociable, and
committed.
∙Starting Months: March and September
∙Duration of Service: 8 - 12 weeks
∙Age: 20 - 35
∙Activities: Administration, Teaching, Translating
∙When to Apply: Throughout the year
∙Costs: $200 for the first month and $150 for each
following month per person. This covers
accommodations and three meals a day.
∙Qualifications: Volunteers must be good at using computers.

2036 North Walnut Street, Appleville, TX 22345
Come visit the new Campus Court at North Walnut!
Choose from our new one-bedroom or two-bedroom
apartments:
∙Great location for shopping and dining
∙Fully equipped kitchen with all electric appliances
∙Washer and dryer in all apartments
∙24-hour recreation center (except public holidays)
LOCATION
Located near the university stadium on the northwest
side of the campus. Two convenient entrances, one
from Oxford Avenue and the other from North
Walnut Street.
OFFICE HOURS
Monday - Friday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Saturday: 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.
Sunday: Closed

Kids in the Kitchen is a half-day camp for children.
■Children will learn how to use a number of kitchen
tools.
■They can explore everything from planning to
presentation of their favorite foods.
■They can also take the food home and share with
the entire family!
INSTRUCTOR: James Smith
DATES: July 22 - 26
FEE: $75.00 (additional charge for materials: $30.00)
SCHEDULE:
TIME AGE
Morning Camp 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 noon 5 to 7 years old
Afternoon Camp 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. 8 to 10 years old
※ This camp is not recommended for children with
food allergies.

The above graph shows the percentage of women in wage
employment in the non-agricultural sector in 1990 and 2006.
1 In Latin America and the Caribbean, women’s waged
non-agricultural employment increased more than five
percentage points between 1990 and 2006. 2 In 2006, the
percentage of women’s waged non-agricultural employment
in East Asia and Pacific countries was twice as high as that
of South Asia. 3 In that same year, the percentage of
women’s waged non-agricultural employment in the Middle
East and North Africa was less than that of Sub-Saharan
Africa by ten percentage points. 4 Despite the improvement
between 1990 and 2006, South Asia showed the smallest
increase in the percentage of women in waged non-agricultural
employment. 5 Between 1990 and 2006, the increase in the
percentage of women’s waged non-agricultural employment
in Sub-Saharan Africa was larger than that of the Middle
East and North Africa.

The school orchestra was practicing in the auditorium,
and Mr. Grey was clapping his hands to mark the
rhythm when he heard the town emergency siren. “Stop!
Everyone!” he shouted. Then, he ran to the door and
pushed it open. But a burst of wind slammed the door
right back, and it hit him hard. He fell down and didn’t
move. Janet was the oldest kid. And (a) she knew
instantly. This was a tornado.
Kids were shocked to see Mr. Grey fall down, and
they began screaming. Nikki put (d) her mouth next to
Janet’s ear and yelled, “We need help!” Janet was scared
too, but she fought the fear. Janet pulled Nikki and ran
over to the grand piano. She grabbed the whistle out of
her bag and blew it hard three times. Every kid on the
stage turned to look at Janet. In three seconds, all kids
were gathered around (e) her.
Looking at the kids around her, Janet yelled as loudly
as (b) she could, “Rick and Matt, get Mr. Grey on that
cart and roll him over here! Everyone else, grab the
music stands and bring them next to the piano. Hurry!”
When everyone came back, Janet asked five of them to
follow. They ran to where the curtain hung along the
wall of the stage.
Janet grabbed the edge of the curtain and screamed,
“Everyone, grab hold and pull!” When the curtain fell,
they pulled it over the tops of the music stands and the
grand piano. Then, (c) she motioned everyone to get
under the curtain. The wind noise rose again, but Janet
was now safely hidden inside the piano and curtain fort
with the rest of the orchestra. Relieved, they thanked
one another and felt oneness in their hearts.

American archaeologist-ethnohistorian Zelia Maria Magdalena
Nuttall was well known especially for her investigations of
pre-Columbian culture and her studies of Mexican peoples
and native Mexican plants. Nuttall was a brilliant archival
researcher and self-trained archaeologist who very early carved
a career for herself by pursuing independent research and
publishing in scholarly journals. Before age 30 she became
a member of several highly prestigious scientific societies
on the basis of her work. She was the winner of three
medals for the exhibits of the results of her archival work
and archaeological research, which she presented in Europe
and the United States. Nuttall was never a part of university
teaching faculty, and indeed there is no indication that she
would have accepted such a position had it been offered.
Early in her career, she was appointed Honorary Assistant
in Mexican Archaeology at the Peabody Museum of
Harvard University, a post she held for forty-seven years.

To be creative problem solvers, people must learn to
approach complexity with a certain naive simplicity. And
by letting their thinking become more free, they can
improve their chances of discovering new unencumbered
perceptions of old problems or entirely new creations.
For this, they can mentally play with the ideas in a
childlike manner. Here is an example story. In a small
Moravian village at the time of the old Austrian empire,
an inspector from the Ministry of Education arrived one
day to visit the schoolroom. It was part of (a) his duty
to make such periodic inspections of the schools.
At the end of the hour, after he had observed the
class, he stood up and said: “I am glad to see that you
children are doing well in your studies. I am satisfied
with your progress. Therefore, before I go, there is one
question I would like to ask. How many hairs does a
horse have?” Very quickly one little nine-year-old boy
raised his hand, to the astonishment of the teacher and
the visitor. (b) He stood up and said, “The horse has
3,571,962 hairs.” The inspector wonderingly asked, “And
how do you know that this is the right number?” The
boy replied, “If you do not believe me, you could count
them yourself.”
The inspector broke into loud laughter, thoroughly
enjoying the boy’s remark. As the teacher escorted (d) him
along the aisle to the door, still laughing heartily, he
said: “What an amusing story! I must tell this story to
my colleagues when I return to Vienna. I can already see
how they will take it; they enjoy nothing better than a
good joke.” And with that, he took (e) his leave.
It was a year later, and the inspector was back again
at the village school for his annual visit. As the teacher
was walking along the aisle with (c) him to the door, he
stopped and said, “By the way, Mr. Inspector, how did
your colleagues like the story of the horse and the
number of his hairs?” The inspector slapped the teacher
on the back. “Oh yes,” he said, “you know, I was
really very anxious to tell that story ― and a fine story
it was ― but you see, I wasn’t able for the life of me
to remember the number of hairs.”

#2013 9월 
Warren McArthur graduated from Cornell in 1908 with a degree in mechanical engineering. He began working in the budding field of industrial design ― patenting ten lamps between 1911 and 1914. He moved to Arizona in 1913, where he and his brother opened car dealerships. Warren originally ventured into furniture design and construction as a hobby, but at age 44, he moved to Los Angeles to design and manufacture metal furniture. He was among the pioneers in the use of aluminum for furniture, and his contribution included improvements and patents to facilitate mass production. He relocated his factory back East to New York in 1933 where he designed and manufactured unique aluminum furniture. 

Imagine the Titanic floating overhead: That’s what it would have been like to see the USS Macon fly by. Nearly 800 feet long, the airship was completed in 1933 as part of an effort to equip the U.S. Navy with airborne military bases. With an onboard hangar, Macon was capable of launching five small fixed-wing planes in midair. But it never saw action and went down off California’s Big Sur coast during a storm in 1935. Rediscovered in 1980 when a fisherman caught a piece of the airship’s debris in his net, the wreck was recently surveyed and mapped using sonar and remotely operated robots. Government archaeologists continue to explore the unique site, which lies in 1,500 feet of water.

The graph above shows the trends of snow sports participation in the four winter seasons from 2006/2007 to 2009/2010 in the U.S. ① Alpine skiing had the most participants and snowboarding had the second most across all four winter seasons. ② Freestyle skiing, however, had the least participants in each of the four seasons. ③ Over the four winter seasons, a steady increase was seen in the number of participants in both snowboarding and cross country skiing. ④ Compared to the previous season, the number of participants in both alpine skiing and freestyle skiing decreased in the 2007/2008 season. ⑤ The combined number of participants in snowboarding and cross country skiing in the 2009/2010 season was smaller than the number of participants in alpine skiing in the same season.

#2012 9월
The above graph shows the number of professionals per 1,000 high school participants and the median lifetime earnings for the given six sports in the United States in 2008. Basketball had the highest median lifetime earnings and hockey had the highest number of professionals per 1,000 high school participants. Soccer had the lowest median lifetime earnings and the lowest number of professionals per 1,000 high school participants. Golf and baseball, ranked second and third in median lifetime earnings respectively, both had median lifetime earnings above 6 million dollars. The only two sports that had median lifetime earnings less than 4 million dollars were football and soccer. Except for hockey, which had more than 4 professionals per 1,000 high school participants, the remaining five sports all had less than 1.5 professionals per 1,000 high school participants.
The church ‘Sveta Bogoroditsa’ (‘Holy Virgin’) in Karlovo has a handsome profile with its blue and white bell tower. The bell tower is relatively new, from 1897, but the church building, as the inscription above the western entrance tells us, dates from 1851. Before they began constructing this new building in 1847, the older church of the Holy Virgin had burned down in 1813. This latter church, about which little is known, is believed by some to have been built already at the end of the fifteenth century, at the time of the founding of the little town of Karli-ova, later Karlovo. In any case, the names of priests serving in the church have been preserved from the eighteenth century on. Although the construction was completed in 1851, the events of the Crimean War and lack of funds delayed the furnishing of the church, and its consecration did not take place until May 20, 1858.
Edwin Armstrong, who first discovered and developed FM radio in the 1920s and early 1930s, is often considered the most prolific and influential inventor in radio history. He alone understood the impact of De Forest’s vacuum tube, and he used it to invent an amplifying system that enabled radio receivers to pick up distant signals. Armstrong’s innovations rendered useless the enormous alternators used for generating power in early radio transmitters. In 1922, he sold a ‘super’ version of his circuit to Radio Corporation of America (RCA) for $200,000 and sixty thousand shares of RCA stock, making him a millionaire as well as RCA’s largest private stockholder. Armstrong also worked on the major problem of radio reception ― electrical interference. Between 1930 and 1933, the inventor filed five patents on FM.

#2011 9월 
The bar graph above shows the familiarity of the respondents with five prominent social media in 2007 and 2008. ① According to the graph, the social media that was the most familiar in 2007 was blogging. ② In the following year, social networking became the most familiar social media. ③ Video blogging, which was the least familiar social media in 2007, showed the biggest increase in familiarity among the three media that showed an increase from 2007 to 2008. ④ Wikis showed a bigger decrease in familiarity than podcasting from 2007 to 2008. ⑤ In 2008, podcasting and wikis were the least familiar social media.
During the early 1980s, a team of Italian scientists carried out a series of studies under a variety of circumstances on the ticklishness of people. The researchers found that people seem to have one foot that is more ticklish than the other ― and for most people it is the right. The experiment was repeated in 1998 using a special way that a pointed nylon rod was stroked across the bottom of the foot three times at intervals of a second. After applying it to thirty-four people, the researchers confirmed the original finding and pushed back the frontiers of knowledge still further by showing that males were more ticklish than females. One suggested explanation is that the left side of the brain, which detects stimuli applied to the right foot, is associated with positive emotions such as laughter.
Buffon was a famous zoologist and botanist during the reign of the French monarch Louis ⅩⅥ . Buffon stocked the park at Versailles with wild animals. He also expanded the botanical garden on the Left Bank in Paris. And with the confidence that goes with being a great collector, he began writing a comprehensive natural history of the world. In that work, Buffon expressed the biased opinion that native animals of the New World are smaller than those of Europe, that there are fewer species of animals in America, and that even domesticated species of European animals diminished in size and vigor upon crossing the Atlantic. Obviously, his opinions were not well-received and were severely criticized in America.

#2010 9월
The above diagram shows the average retention rate of learning after 24 hours for various instructional methods which are categorized into different processing types. ① The percentage of average retention increases from the top to the bottom of the pyramid. ② At the top of the pyramid is Lecture which results in an average retention of 5%, followed by Reading that yields 10% average retention. ③ Regarding the Verbal and Visual Processing type, the average percentage of retention increases from Audiovisual to Demonstration to Discussion Group. ④ The instructional methods, Practice by Doing and Teach Others / Immediate Use of Learning, belonging to the processing type of Doing, result in 75% and 90% average retention, respectively. ⑤ The average retention rate of Teach Others / Immediate Use of Learning is four times that of Demonstration.
The barrier at the River Scheldt in the Netherlands is the world’s largest tidal surge barrier. It protects Zeeland from the constant threat of flooding. Completed in 1987, it forms part of the Delta Project, a line of massive sea-defenses, which was constructed after disastrous floods in 1953. As originally planned, the barrier was to be a solid dam that, by drastically restricting tidal flows, would have destroyed much of the marine environment on the Eastern Scheldt. In 1973, however, a campaign forced the project to be suspended. The project was revived four years later in a new and greatly modified form. Instead of being permanently sealed, the redesigned barrier is now normally open to the tides, restricting their flow by only 25 percent. It is only when water levels reach 3 meters above normal that steel gates close shut, holding back even the most extreme waters.
The young of precocial birds belonging to the same clutch have a strong incentive to hatch as close together in time as possible. The mother and the first-hatched young will be on the move within hours; chicks left behind in the eggs will die. When the eggs of these species are incubated separately, the hatching times are spread over a period of days; but when they are kept together, hatching times are close by, within one or two hours. This coordinated hatching is achieved by sound signals exchanged by the chicks while they are still in the eggs. The most characteristic sound is a regular loud click, which is most persistent just prior to hatching. It is not caused by a tapping against the shell, but is a vocalization associated with breathing movements. 

#2009 6월
The above graph shows the ‘operating margin’ represented by the line and the ‘net profit’ by the bars in the international airline industry from 1999 to 2007.①In 1999, the operating margin reached its highest point.②Since 1999, the operating margin decreased until 2001 and then continually increased.③The operating margin was negative from 2001 to 2003, being the lowest in 2002. The operating margin of 2007 was not as high as that of 1999.④The net profit was the highest in 1999 and the lowest in 2001. ⑤During the period from 2001 to 2006, the net profit was negative.
Colton, a city in California, is currently involved in a series of legal battles over how much it should be prepared to pay to save an endangered fly: the Delhi Sands Flower-loving Fly, a rather pretty insect that takes nectar from local flowers. This tiny creature has the distinction of being the first fly to be declared an endangered species in the U.S. Shortly after this fly was listed as an endangered species, construction of a hospital parking lot was stopped. The hospital had planned to construct its parking lot over seven acres of occupied fly habitat, but that suddenly became illegal. The hospital then had to spend $4 million redrawing its plans and moving its parking lot 250 feet.
Once a famous merchant port of the Portuguese empire, Porto today gives the impression of a forgotten city. It was built where the slow-moving Duoro River flows to the Atlantic through the steep hills guarding the seashore. It still carries the features of a busy medieval town in a strategically important location for defense. With its magnificent castles overlooking the river and a rich history of wine making, one might expect it to be one of the most visited cities in the world. But hidden as it is in the northwest corner of the Iberian Peninsula, few tourists make the trip. 

#2008 9월 
The graph above shows the results of a survey conducted in 2005 regarding young Australians’ sources of advice by age group. ①Friends, parents, and relatives were the three most common sources of advice for all age groups, although their relative importance varied with age. ②As age increased, friends progressively became a more important source of advice, while parents and relatives became less important. ③Those aged from 11 to 14 turned more often to parents than friends for advice. ④For young Australians aged from 15 to 19, friends was the biggest source of advice, followed by parents. ⑤For those aged from 20 to 24, their dependence upon mass media was the lowest among the three age groups, while their dependence upon teachers was the highest.
A group of researchers have recently developed an artificial skin that can detect both pressure and temperature at the same time. They inserted pressure sensors and temperature sensors in a thin plastic film to create a net-like structure. The new artificial skin is flexible enough to wrap around robot fingers and relatively inexpensive to make. This breakthrough has the potential to improve how robots will function in the real world. Future artificial skins could incorporate sensors not only for pressure and temperature, but also for light, humidity, strain or sound.
The red fox often acts in ways that seem extremely crafty. Trappers seeking red foxes must clean their equipment well to rid it of human smells, or the foxes will not come near. The foxes also manage to dig up hidden traps and set them off without being caught. Red foxes have even been known to use a pedestrian underpass rather than cross a highway. On the other hand, red foxes are sometimes extremely careless. They often come running in response to an imitation of their bark, regardless of danger. They readily return to areas where they have been heavily hunted in the past. So whether or not the red fox is especially intelligent is an open question.

#2007 9월 
This chart shows the changes in the total value of electronic merchandise produced by the top five countries between 2001 and 2004 in terms of US dollars. ① Korea showed an increase in the production of electronic merchandise in 2004 in comparison with that of 2001. ② The U.S.A. was the largest producer of electronic merchandise both in 2001 and in 2004. ③ Notably, among the top five countries, China achieved the largest increase in amount in this period. ④ Japan also made an increase in electronic products, but the Japanese increase was smaller than that of Germany. ⑤ Each of the five countries produced more electronic merchandise in 2004 than in 2001.

The Mongol Empire was not a unified state but a vast collection of territories held together by military force. Because it was controlled by military leaders, the empire carried within it the seeds of its own breakdown. Central power rested with the khan and his councilors. Although they were well organized militarily, the Mongols had no developed concept for ruling conquered populations. New conquests were not administered, just economically exploited. In areas that were under control longer, however, there was some growth of administration. Local bureaucracies usually followed administrative patterns that had been locally developed. 

A device that enables the totally deaf to communicate with each other by telephone has been developed by the New York Telephone Co. The “Sensicall,” a plastic box of electronic circuits, is wired to a standard telephone. The deaf-blind use a vibrating-button model of the Sensicall, the seeing-deaf a blinking-light model. A blind person placing his fingers on the button can feel the vibrations, sense their duration, and interpret the short and long sounds as dots and dashes. A seeing-deaf person utilizes a blinking-light unit, with the duration of the light blink indicating a short or long sound ― a dot or dash.

#2006 9월 
Sculptor Diane Mason grew up in rural Illinois, surrounded by chickens, rabbits, squirrels, and birds. Mason recalls that she didn’t care much for dolls as a little girl, but that she was fond of dressing up her favorite chickens in miniature clothes. “We had some very patient chickens,” she laughs. In college, Mason majored in ethology, the study of animal behavior. Today, her fascination with animals plays a major role in her artistic life. She combines her knowledge about animals with humor in her bronze sculptures. “Some people think art has to be about anxiety, but I’m trying to give the viewer a little something to smile about.”
In ancient China, people, when presenting themselves before a superior, knelt down and bumped their heads on the floor. The “kowtow” ceremony was most commonly used in religious ceremonies when people came to make a request of the priest, or when foreign government officials appeared before the Chinese emperor. The word kowtow developed from a combination of two Chinese words, a verb meaning “to knock” and a noun meaning “head.” Although British officials were resistant to kowtowing to the Chinese emperor, they did not object to the word, and by the early 1800s kowtow had become an English word for showing respect to another person.

#2005 9월
From the 5th to the 15th centuries, Europeans with tooth problems went to people called barber-surgeons. These people performed many services, including cutting hair, pulling teeth and treating medical conditions. Dental treatment improved during the 14th and 15th centuries as they increased their knowledge about teeth. Modern dentistry began in the 1700s in France. That was when Pierre Fauchard published his book called The Surgeon Dentist. It was the first book about dental science. The book provided information about dental problems for other dentists to use. And it described ways to keep teeth healthy. Pierre Fauchard is considered the father of modern dentistry.

#2004 9월
On the first day, I and a co-worker went into the store after work. Needless to say, everything looked good. The store was pretty well stocked. We both took mental notes of things we’d eventually get. We wisely decided not to buy anything on that day. We had plenty of time. We walked around leisurely, eyeing different items. I said to myself, “Here are some cheap computer games. That pair of roller blades for $25 looks good, too. That battery-powered electric shaver could sure come in handy.” Yes, we were there to see the goods and to plan our purchases for the last day of the sale, when the prices would be really low.
The arctic tern is an extraordinary bird that makes difficult journeys. It flies up to 35,000 kilometers every year―all around the world from the North Pole to the South Pole and back again! That’s more than any other animal. Arctic terns fly through all types of weather, using the sun and stars to help them. They spend almost all of their life in the air. When they need food, they catch fish from the sea. Some arctic terns live thirty years or more―so they travel over one million kilometers in their lifetime. The bird is only thirty-eight centimeters long and weighs around 300 grams.

School education should include the skills needed in adult life as well as the study of knowledge and information. Sports develop such skills by showing students how to keep fit, how to work in a team, and how to practice self-discipline. Children who haven’t been given the chance to take part in physical activities can lose out on social skills when they get older. On the other hand, if forced to take part in sports in school, they may well discover hidden talents. Many famous sports people started their careers in this way. Given this fact, everybody should take a sports class in school.
Important social skills can be achieved through other activities, such as charity work for old people, instead of sports classes. When something is forced, the benefits it may bring are destroyed. After all, you can take a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink. Taking part in a sports class should therefore be a matter of free choice for the students, although encouraged by the school.