#2019 수능(짝)
The waves were perfect for surfing. Dave, however, just could not stay on his board. He had tried more than ten times to stand up but never managed it. He felt that he would never succeed. He was about to give up when he looked at the sea one last time. The swelling waves seemed to say, “Come on, Dave. One more try!” Taking a deep breath, he picked up his board and ran into the water. He waited for the right wave. Finally, it came. He jumped up onto the board just like he had practiced. And this time, standing upright, he battled the wave all the way back to shore. Walking out of the water joyfully, he cheered, “Wow, I did it!”

#2018 수능(짝)
The start of the boat tour was far from what I had expected. None of the wildlife I saw was exotic. I could only see dull gray rocks. It was also so hot and humid that I could not enjoy the tour fully. However, as the boat slid into the Bay Park Canal, all of a sudden my mother shouted, “Look at the mangroves!” A whole new world came into sight. The mangrove forest alongside the canal thrilled me as we entered its cool shade. I was fascinated by the beautiful leaves and flowers of the mangroves. But best of all, I was charmed by the native birds, monkeys, and lizards moving among the branches. “What a wonderful adventure!” I exclaimed.

#2017 수능(짝)
All smiling, Breaden, a cute three-year-old boy, was walking along the aisle of snacks, bars, and sweets. It was the aisle of all kinds of temptation for him. “Wow!” he exclaimed. Right in front of his eyes were rows of delicious-looking chocolate bars waiting to be touched. His mom was holding his hand. Breaden, her only child, had always been the focus of her attention and she was cautious not to lose him in the market. Suddenly, she stopped to say hello to her friends. Breaden stopped, too. With his eyes wide open and his mouth watering, Breaden stretched out his arm and was about to grab a bar when he felt a tight grip on his hand. He looked up. “Breaden, not today!” He knew what that meant. “Okay, Mommy,” he sighed. His shoulders fell.

#2016 수능(짝)
I’m leaving early tomorrow morning, finally! I’ve always wanted to explore the Amazon, the unknown and mysterious world. At this hour, the great Emerald Amazon Explorer should be at the port waiting for me to get on board. Freshwater dolphins will escort me on the playful river, and 500 species of birds, half a dozen species of monkeys, and numerous colorful butterflies will welcome me into their kingdom. I wish I could camp in the wild and enjoy the company of mosquitos, snakes, and spiders. I’d love to make the world’s largest rainforest home. My heart swells as much as my chubby bags; yet, I’d better get some sleep since a long, tough journey is ahead of me.

#2015 수능(홀)
As I walked to the train station, I felt the warm sun on my back. I caught my train on time. It arrived at my destination ten minutes early, which was perfect, as I was due to present my new idea to the company at 10 a.m. The presentation went better than expected, and my manager seemed particularly pleased. Later that day, my manager called me into her office. She smiled at me and said, “James, you’ve been with us for six years now. How would you feel if I were to offer you the Sales Director position in London?” Sales Director in London! Wow! This was a dream come true for me. I couldn’t believe what I had just heard!

#2014-A 수능(홀)
I had volunteered for the charity picnic, and I needed to be there on time. Ms. Green, the charity president, was preparing this monthly event by herself. Lily complained, “Mom, I don’t feel like going today. We’ve volunteered more than five times this year.” She was eating slower than usual. I urged her, “Lily, don’t you remember we promised to help Ms. Green last month? Go and get dressed.” I stood by the door and pointed at my watch. She slowly pulled on her sweater and said, “I still don’t feel like going.” I started losing my patience. I responded, “Don’t you know Ms. Green has a lot of work to do for the picnic today? It’s time you started thinking about other people.” My voice was growing louder with each sentence.

#2013 수능(홀)
I watched the beautiful stretch of the shoreline as it floated into view. How wonderful it was! After two days at sea, I finally saw the land of infinite opportunities. There it was before me―smiling and inviting; it was difficult for anyone to decline that invitation. I was full of great plans to find success in this unknown land. I had accepted a job offer from Dr. Gilbert, who had opened a medical clinic at an inland village last year. It gave me great pleasure to think about how my dream would become a reality. I looked again at the coast. The line of distant mountains and shapes of houses were gradually emerging through the mist. They welcomed me with endless promises.

#2012 수능(홀)
It started out like any other day. I had no idea that I was in for one of the most terrifying experiences of my life. I headed to the beach and jumped on my surfboard and paddled out. I was about 150 yards off the beach, when I felt a sudden chill in the air followed by an uncomfortable stillness. Suddenly, I heard the lifeguard scream, “Get out of the water!” There was a certain panic in his voice that demanded attention. Then I saw something approaching me in the water. It was big and gray, and closing in on me fast. I tried to paddle back to shore but my arms and legs were paralyzed.

#2011 수능(홀)
Jess took another step forward. The ground fell with unexpected sharpness, and the water level seemed to jump from her knees to her waist. She stopped for a moment and anxiously scanned the river before her. Her legs started to shake and she felt her body stiffen. And this was an unknown river. There could be reeds, or other dangers she didn’t know about. She was concerned that as a townie, she’d had little experience of the countryside, and none at all of swimming in rivers. It didn’t look safe enough but she didn’t want to turn back. She took a deep breath and pushed herself into the water. It felt nice and cool, not as freezing as when she had first stepped into it. The water seemed to welcome and embrace her. She liked the clean, luxuriant feeling as she swept down with the current.

#2010 수능
After dinner he built a fire, going out into the weather for wood he had piled against the garage. The air was bright and cold against his face, and the snow in the driveway was already halfway to his knees. He gathered logs, shaking off their soft white caps and carrying them inside. He sat for a time in front of the fireplace, cross-legged, adding logs, and gazing at the warm fire. Outside, snow continued to fall quietly in the cones of light cast by the streetlights. By the time he rose and looked out the window, his car had become a soft white hill on the edge of the street.

#2009 수능(홀)
Her nerves were hurting her. She looked automatically again at the high, uncurtained windows. As night fell, she could just perceive outside a huge tree swinging its branches. The rain came flying on the window. Ah, why didn’t she have peace? These two men, her husband and her son, why did they not come? She wrapped a large scarf around her and hesitated for a moment. She opened the door and stepped out into the backyard. There was no sign of a light anywhere. She listened with all her ears but could hear nothing but the night. “James! Shawn!” she called, but nothing came from the darkness.
In Pamplona, a white-walled, sun-baked town high up in the hills of Navarre, is held in the first two weeks of July each year the World’s Series of bull fighting. The cafes under the wide arcades that run around the Plaza de la Constitucion have every table crowded. All day and all night there is dancing in the street. Bands of blue-shirted farmers circle and lift and swing behind a drum and various wind instruments in the ancient Basque Riau-Riau dances. And at night there is the beat of the big drums and the military band as the whole town dances in the great open square of the Plaza.

#2008 수능(홀)
A boy entered a coffee shop where I worked as a waitress. He sat at a table and asked me how much an ice cream sundae was. “Fifty cents,” I replied. The little boy pulled his hand out of his pocket and studied a number of coins in it. “How much is a dish of plain ice cream?” he inquired. Some people were now waiting for a table, and I was impatient. “Thirty-five cents,” I said angrily. The little boy again counted the coins and he ordered the plain ice cream. I brought the ice cream and walked away. The boy finished, paid the cashier, and departed. When I came back, I swallowed hard at what I saw. There, placed neatly beside the empty dish, were fifteen pennies my tip.
I knocked at the door and was told to enter. I found myself in a large room, where the curtains were closed to allow no daylight in, and the candles were lit. In the center of the room, sitting at a table, was the strangest lady I had ever seen. She was wearing a wedding dress made of rich material. She had a bride’s flowers in her hair, but her hair was white. She only had one white shoe on. Then I realized that over the years the flowers in her hair had died, and the bride inside the dress had grown old. Everything in the room was ancient. The only brightness in the room was in her dark old eyes that stared at me.

#2007 수능(홀)
Our guest arrived in the broadcasting studio, and I opened my show at 11:05 with a brief introduction about his background. Then I asked my first question, and he just said, “I don’t know.” A few more questions followed, but all were answered in one of three ways: “Yes.” “No.” or “I don’t know.” I looked up at the clock in the studio. It was 11:09, and I was out of material. I had nothing left to ask this guy. Everyone in the studio was standing around with the same thought: “What are we going to do? We have fifty minutes left. Listeners all over the country are going to reach for the tuning dials on their radios any second now.”
After the snowstorm came thick fog, and in that fog, Fredrick’s men soon lost their way on an ice river with hundreds of big holes in it. Not only could they see nothing in front of them, but they were tired and ill and could not walk any more. So they had to stay in their tents near the mountains for four days. After that time, Fredrick went to Albert Marshall’s tent. “You are ill, Albert,” he said. “You can’t come to the Pole. Take two men and go back tomorrow.” Next day, Fredrick watched regretfully as Marshall’s sled disappeared slowly in the distance.

#2006 수능(스캔)

#2005 수능
Shadows crept across the room, cast from old furniture as the bright fire made them jump from side to side. The winter storm blew against the windows throwing snow high against the sides of the small log cabin. In the center of the room was a table with two old silver candlesticks and two glasses of red wine. Soft music played in the background. Between the two wine glasses was a small empty box. It had contained a gold ring with a small diamond that his grandmother had given to him. Tonight, the girl across from him was wearing it, beaming.
Before he closed his tired eyes, he let them wander around his old small room. It was made calm by the glow of the firelight that played on familiar things that had long been unconsciously a part of him. Now with open arms they received him back. He saw clearly how much it all meant to him, and the special value of a place like this in one’s life. It was good to think he had this place to come back to and these things which could always be counted upon for the same simple welcome.

#2004 수능
I took a riverboat from my hometown after 20 years absence. I like boat trips. Looking into the water always leads me to some delightful thought. Expecting the graceful curves, woody heights, and reflected images along the river that I remembered from my childhood, I was thrilled as I boarded the boat. I was looking forward to a wonderful day. Yet this time as the boat was going up the river, I felt something was lost. No longer were the shores densely wooded, nor could I see any wildlife anywhere. It gave me a sick feeling. All the grace and beauty had gone out of the majestic river.
During the whole of a day in the winter, the clouds hung low in the sky. I had been passing alone on horseback through an especially depressing area of the country. At length I found myself, as the evening shadows drew long, within view of the cheerless house. I looked upon the dark, gray walls and upon a few white trunks of some dead trees. I brought my horse to a stop at the edge of a black, motionless mountain lake beside the old house and looked down upon the rotting, dead tree-stems and the empty, eye-like windows.
Vicky, who is wearing a heavy winter coat, is practicing on her high school stage for tomorrow s presentation of a play. The event is presented as part of a school program that celebrates the end of the school year and shows what the students have learned. Sumi, one of Vicky s close friends, has dropped by to say hello. Hi, Vicky. It s really cold in here. How s it going with your play? So far, so good, Vicky replies, but I may be getting cold feet. I m really nervous about tomorrow. Sumi adds with a worried look, Tomorrow will be much colder, so be sure to wear heavy socks.

#2003 수능
Through the train window, I could see crops ripening in the fields and trees turning red and yellow. If this journey had taken place a week earlier, all this would have pleased my eyes. But now I could not enjoy it. Too many thoughts were running through my head. What had I done to Uncle Joe, the man who had raised me for twenty years? I felt ashamed for not having visited him for the last five years. I disappointed him, the man who loved me like a father. I wasn’t happy with myself, knowing that last week he spent his sixtieth birthday alone.
Approaching Mr. Howard s, I at first thought that the house was on fire. But as I turned the corner off the tree-lined street, I realized the whole house was shining with light. The people in dresses and suits blocked my view of the garden. Suddenly, I heard the sound of a drum, and the orchestra started to play. People brought drinks from the bar and gathered in groups. Some wanderers went from group to group, floating in and out, as if dancing to the music. The air was alive with chatter and laughter, which became easier minute by minute.

#2020 6월
It was two hours before the paper submission. With the deadline close at hand, Claire was still struggling with her writing. Pressed for time and stuck in a deadlock, she had no idea how to finish the paper. She wasn’t even sure whether she could submit it on time. What she found in her paper was scribbled words, half sentences, and a pile of seemingly strange and disjointed ideas. “Nothing makes sense,” she said to herself. She looked at her writing and began reading it over and over. All of a sudden and unexpectedly, something was found in that pile of thoughts: the flow and connection of ideas she had not considered while she was writing. From this moment, the ticking of the clock sounded encouraging to her. “Yes, I can do it!” Claire said as she grabbed her pencil again.

#2019 6월
“Regularity is the key to mastery, Jean. Everything other than that is a waste of time,” stressed Ms. Baker, Jean’s piano teacher, with a troubled look. However, Jean complained quite often about practicing and slipped out of her sessions occasionally. Concerned about Jean idling around, Ms. Baker decided to change her teaching method. “You can make your own schedule, Jean. However, I want you to help me as an assistant,” said Ms. Baker. After that, Jean practiced hard to be a good example to the beginners and her skills improved incredibly day after day. The change in Jean was miraculous. A smile came over Ms. Baker’s face as she listened to Jean play. Ms. Baker was convinced by Jean’s improvement that her new teaching method was a success.
	
#2018 6월
Sipping coffee leisurely at a café, Kate was enjoying the view of the Ponte Vecchio across the Arno. As an architect and professor, she had taught about the historical significance of the bridge to her students for years. A smile crept across her face. It was her first time to actually see it in person. Though not as old as the bridges of Rome, it was absolutely a work of art. If the fleeing Nazis had destroyed it during World War II, she would have never seen it. She was happy that she could view the bridge in the twilight. Free from her daily concerns, her mind began to wander from the unforgettable views of the still Arno to all the unexpected but pleasant encounters with other tourists. The trip was a rare liberating experience. Kate felt that all her concerns had melted away.

#2017 6월
When she heard the dogs barking fiercely on the floor just above her, she trembled uncontrollably for fear of being caught. Drops of cold sweat rolled down her back. Before slipping into the hold of the boat, she had scattered powder, which Swedish scientists had developed, unnoticeably on the floor above in order to distract the dogs. But she knew that these dogs were so well trained that they could smell her, even though a load of fish had been dumped over her hiding place. She held her hands together tightly and tried not to make any noise. She was not sure how long she could stay like that. To her relief, it wasn’t long before a whistle called the dogs out, leaving her unfound. She relaxed her hands and exhaled a deep breath. She felt safe now.

#2016 6월
Stepping up to the microphone, Gabby could feel the sweat starting to run down her face and neck. She tried to take a deep breath, but couldn’t. As her name was called, Gabby became more afraid of speaking before a large audience. Then, she suddenly remembered the words of a woman who had gradually overcome the same fear: “Fear, rapid heartbeat, quick breathing, and sweating are simply the body’s declaration that we are ready to fight.” Recalling this, Gabby calmed down and remembered clearly what she had to say. Assured, Gabby smiled and started to deliver her speech. The words flowed out like water, and her beating heart gave her more and more mental strength. The performance was successful. She had overcome her fear.

#2015 6월
Early one night in 1973 in my old and cheap apartment
in Bangor, Maine, I got a phone call from my agent, Bill,
who was helping me publish my first novel. “Are you
sitting down?” Bill asked. “No,” I said. “Do I need to?”
“You might,” he said. “The publication rights for your
book were sold for four hundred thousand dollars!” I was
completely speechless. That amount of money was beyond
my wildest expectations. I was sure I hadn’t heard him
right. I couldn’t have. I asked, “Did you say it went for
forty thousand dollars?” Bill said it again as clearly as he
could, “Four hundred thousand dollars. Congratulations,
Steve.” “Are you sure, Bill?” I said in disbelief. He said he
was. We talked for another half an hour, but I don’t
remember a single word of what we said. 

#2014 6월
As Tom stood on stage at the school play, he could feel the watchful eyes of the audience. Being in the spotlight made him feel tense. He tried to deliver his lines as best as he could, but he could feel his voice shaking. Suddenly, he realized he had missed a sentence. Without going back, he went on as though nothing had happened. But by the time he finished, his hands felt sweaty and his heart was racing. No one commented on his mistake― apart from his drama teacher. “Well done,” the teacher said. “Acting is like learning to ride a bike. You may not get it perfect the first time. You may fall off a few times, yet each time you get back on you do it better. Your performance may not have been perfect, but it was great.” His teacher’s comforting words brought a smile to Tom’s face.

#2013 6월
I am a female dolphin who lives in an aquarium. One day I got so badly injured that I couldn’t swim and come up for air. So my trainers attached bottles to me to act as floats. I didn’t want to live the rest of my life being supported by these bottles. I was so aimless and dispirited. I merely floated about and was sure I wasn’t going to live for very long. Seeing my depression, my trainers brought in a male dolphin. At first I ignored him but later began to show interest. He tried to help me swim, pushing me from under and bringing me to the surface. Despite my injury, I began making an effort to swim. Soon, the bottles were removed and I recovered completely. It felt great to swim on my own again. We became inseparable, swimming joyfully around together and showing signs of affection.

#2012 6월
It is the end of a long, tiring day at Walt Disney World, and a busload of parents and children are starting the twenty-minute ride back to their hotel. The children are overstimulated and annoyed, and so are the parents. Everyone is whiny. It is a bus ride from hell. Then, rising above the unpleasant buzz of complaining children and parents, comes a thin, persistent melody: The bus driver has started to sing the song ‘Under the Sea’ from the movie The Little Mermaid. Everyone begins to quiet down and listen. Eventually a little girl joins in, then several more children. By the end of the ride everyone is singing ‘The Circle of Life’ from the movie The Lion King. The bus ride from hell has become the pleasurable, song-filled end to a full day.

#2011 6월
And also in a moment his heart responded thrillingly to this novel mood. An instantaneous and strong impulse moved him to battle with his desperate fate. He would pull himself out of despair; he would make a man of himself again; he would conquer the evil that had taken possession of him. There was time; he was comparatively young yet: he would revive his old eager ambitions and pursue them without faltering. Those solemn but sweet organ notes had set up a revolution in him. Tomorrow he would go into the roaring downtown district and find work. A fur importer had once offered him a place as driver. He would find him tomorrow and ask for the position. He would be somebody in the world. 

#2010 6월
I start my long journey with great enthusiasm. The thought of conquering the mountain stirs me with anticipation. Although the freezing wind pounds upon me, I feel flushed with warmth. Just after ten o’clock in the morning, I finally put my step on the ice-covered peak of the mountain. A childlike joy spreads through me. I am the two hundred and ninth person to stand on the summit of Mount Everest. My heart races as I take in this glorious moment. The sky is deep blue and cloudless. For fifteen minutes I cherish the view as the highest person on earth. I do not feel the tiredness in my legs, for the journey has been truly worthwhile. 

#2009 6월
“Hey,” Jonathan said, his voice causing two small birds to take flight. The woman did not acknowledge him at all but continued to sketch. Frowning, he said a little louder, “Hey, lady.” Again she did not acknowledge him, and Jonathan began to wonder if she might be deaf. Purposefully, he walked up to the woman with every intention of telling her to leave from his backyard. She did not even look up at him until he was standing within a couple of feet of her. Only then did she look up. For a moment Jonathan was struck by the most amazing green eyes he had ever seen. He opened his mouth, but instead of the sharp order he had intended to bark, he asked quietly, “Who are you?” The woman smiled and he felt as if she lit up the world around her. 
The wail of farm machinery had fallen silent, and in the space it left I could hear the low gossip of hens, the lower throat singing of turkeys, and the varied sounds of birds in the trees. Up on the green, green shoulder of hill rising to the west I could see a small group of cattle grazing, and, below them on a gentler slope, several dozen chickens wandering down to the meadow. Laid before me was, I realized, a scene of almost classical rural beauty―the meadows dotted with contented animals, the woods in the background, a twisting stream threading through it all―spoiled only by the fact that I couldn’t just lie here on this springy meadow admiring it for the rest of the afternoon.

#2008 6월
I heard a sound, and my heart beat quickly. I was excited, and when at last I saw him coming slowly down the stairs, I caught my breath. He was a tall old man with abundant white hair, but his bushy eyebrows were dark still; they made his great eyes flash with a more grave fire. It was wonderful that at his age those black eyes should still preserve their brilliance. There were in his air assurance and gentleness. He was as I should have wished him to be, and as I watched him, I understood how he had moved men’s minds and touched their hearts. He was every inch a poet.
There were some places of worship in the city, and the deep notes of their bells echoed over the town from morning until night. The sun was shining brightly and cheerily, and the air was warm. The streams were flowing with bubbling water, and the tender songs of birds came floating in from the fields beyond the city. The trees were already awake and embraced by the blue sky. Everything around the neighborhood, the trees, the sky, and the sun, looked so young and intimate that they were reluctant to break the spell which might last forever.

#2007 6월
Solitude revealed to him all of nature’s secrets, and enveloped him in its delights. He lived a peaceful life marveling at the wonders of nature, and discovered sights unknown to the world in the rising and setting of the sun. He knew what it was to tremble when he heard the hiss of a bird’s wings over his head. He spent the time enjoying himself, looking around the vast open plain where red, dry mists and dark clouds were rising. At the end of the day, he would welcome the night with joy, listening to imaginary music in the skies.

#2006 6월
It was very disturbing reading your article about how the farmers plan to handle the wild pig overpopulation on the Channel Islands. Humans always seem to think that the best way to deal with any type of animal problem is to just kill them. Isn’t there another alternative than shooting these pigs? Humans brought pigs over to these islands many years ago. Now that they have overpopulated, people want to murder them. Where were all of the humans when the pigs started to multiply out of control?
On Saturday evenings my friends and I would go to the market. We walked through the busy streets packed with drunken men and bargaining women amid the dancing and chanting of street-singers. We would laugh and cheer as magicians performed their tricks. Even at these moments, my love’s name sprang to my lips in strange prayers which I myself did not understand. My eyes were often full of tears. I could not tell why, and I did not know whether I would ever speak to her or not. If I spoke to her, how could I tell her about my feelings of admiration? As night fell, my body was like a harp, and her words and gestures were like fingers running upon the wires.

#2005 6월
Watching Uncle Fred rowing the boat so strongly and so easily along, Mike began to feel more and more jealous of him. His pride began to whisper that he could do it. The little boy asked again, “Please, I want to row now.” With a smile Fred said, “It’s not as easy as it looks.” But he handed him the oars, knowing the water was shallow. The boy pulled the oars back, made a great dig at the water, and missed the surface altogether. He fell back and grabbed at the side of boat. Instantly it turned over. The struggling boy was gripped by Fred who was already standing in the water. Carried to the shore in his uncle’s arms, the boy could not even look at him. 
A fine powder filled the air and touched their cheeks. The snow made everything look so different. The brother and sister would not have known that it was the same forest. However, they set out bravely and took the path that seemed most promising, holding on to each other and pretending cheerfulness. Night fell, and they soon lost all sense of time. The snow was getting so deep that they could hardly drag their little legs through it, and the trees were thicker and more like each other than ever. There seemed to be no end to this forest, no difference in it, and worst of all, no way out. 

#2004 6월
My job requires me to bring work home. I need a work area where I can concentrate. When I try to work, my wife is always there with a steady stream of questions or small talk. When I sit down to read, I read only for a few minutes because she interrupts me. Even when she isn’t in the room, I can hear her talking, yelling or complaining in a tone that can’t be ignored. I suppose I should feel grateful that she wants to talk to me. But the truth is, I need my peace and quiet. I have tried to discuss this with her, but it only upsets her. 
As we drove home, Dad did not say a word. With both hands on the wheel, he stared at the dirt road. My older brother, Robert, was also silent. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. When I opened the front door to the hut, I stopped. Everything we owned was packed in cardboard boxes. I sat down on a box. The thought of having to move to an unfamiliar city brought tears to my eyes. That night I could not sleep, thinking about how much I hated this move.

#2019 9월
‘How much farther to the finish line? Can I make it?’ Emma felt pain in her legs and was breathing heavily. She couldn’t remember ever being so exhausted. Feeling frustrated, she began to think about giving up on the race. She knew she would regret it later, but it seemed like there was nothing she could do. Then, she remembered a strategy she had learned. By having strong imagery control, she could help herself achieve her goal. Over and over, Emma imagined herself running smoothly and breathing easily. It was working! She started to feel better. About thirty minutes later, she found herself crossing the finish line with a big smile on her face. Surrounded by cheering friends, she enjoyed her victory full of joy.

#2018 9월
A tear rolled down Lindsay’s cheek. She thought she had put her favorite toy, Blue Bunny, in her bag before school this morning. She had ‘show and tell’ in class today, and she was anxious. Her teacher, Mrs. Cline, might be angry that she had forgotten to bring it. She quickly searched the classroom and checked her bag one more time. Her precious Blue Bunny was a gift from her father, who worked overseas. It was nowhere to be found. Just then, Mrs. Cline appeared in the doorway. “Mrs. Cline!” Lindsay cried. “I can’t find my toy to show in class today. I’m sorry!” Mrs. Cline smiled gently. She was holding the toy. “Oh, Mrs. Cline! Thank you. I thought I had lost Blue Bunny!” Lindsay felt calm and comforted now that she had her toy again.

#2017 9월
Amy was in the classroom staring out of the window beside her. She thought how her gloomy face in the window reflected her mistake. She tried not to think about her terrible performance in class. Watching Amy look so discouraged, Laurie, her best friend, decided she needed some cheering up. So Laurie crossed her eyes and made a stupid face. Amy tried not to look, but Laurie was making another funny face. This time she couldn’t help turning back to see what her friend was doing. It was her famous fish face: she was pushing her ears out, crossing her eyes, and opening her mouth wide. Amy laughed hard. She felt that she was lucky to have a friend that could always cheer her up when she was feeling down.

#2016 9월
On my first day in the Emergency Center, I was about to drink my coffee when the first call came. I quickly picked up the line, “9-1-1.” My voice was trembling and my heart was racing. A woman cried, “My husband’s not breathing!” I instructed her to begin CPR. I was trying to be as steady as I could, but I was shaking. The situation was absolutely critical. While she was performing CPR, I immediately notified the nearby hospital. After a few tense moments, she came back on the line and shouted, “Where’s the ambulance?” I replied, “It’s getting there as quickly as it can.”

#2015 9월
Delia stepped out of the front door of her house, and the day welcomed her with a warm and sunny smile. With each step, she thought, “I can’t wait for today’s class.” Her family had recently moved into the neighborhood, and the new school year had just begun at Elanova High School. Her new school offered ballet lessons, and Delia eagerly signed up. She was one step closer to fulfilling her lifelong dream of becoming a ballerina. Delia sat at the bench waiting for the school bus. As the bus rolled down Madison Avenue, she slipped her hand into her ballet bag to touch her new shoes. She thought about working hard on her leaps and jumps. “I want to soar to the moon,” Delia thought.

#2014 9월
Kate ran to the mailbox as soon as the mail truck drove away. She opened the mailbox and reached into the dark space. Her hope quickly disappeared, however. There was nothing addressed to her. It was her sixteenth birthday today, but there wasn’t even a birthday card from her father. “I didn’t get anything from Dad,” said Kate to her mother. “I can’t believe he forgot my birthday.” Kate’s father was a doctor, and every summer he went to Africa to treat people who were too poor to go to a hospital. “Well, he didn’t forget your birthday, Kate. I was going to give this to you at your birthday party this afternoon,” said her mother, giving her a small pink box with a purple ribbon, which arrived from Africa the day before. “Yeah, I knew Dad wouldn’t let me down!” shouted Kate, smiling the sweetest smile.

#2013 9월
Over the sky a plump black cloud moved, erasing the stars. At that moment, Liz heard a stealthy step far to her left and immediately froze. She slowly released her knees and straightened her head, the better to hear. The movement stopped, and after a long moment began again. Liz saw a dark figure creep into the open and draw near to the trees. The figure stood so still and low to the ground that it might have been a stump. She called softly, “Tim!” Hearing an answering whistle, she went toward her son and, with tears of delight, hugged him tightly.

#2012 9월
It was the day of the audition. I hadn’t slept a wink the previous night. Strangely, I wasn’t tired. It could have been the adrenaline pumping through my veins, or maybe it was the five cups of coffee I drank that morning. Either way, I couldn’t sit still. I kept getting up and down from my chair, pacing around the room. A dozen thoughts went through my head. Would I remember my lines? Would I be able to display the right emotions? I kept telling myself to relax but the butterflies in my stomach had an intention of their own. When my name was called, I slowly stepped in front of the judges. Their gaze fell heavy upon me. My mind drew a complete blank.

#2011 9월
Michael dared to look inside the window, but from the deep shadow of the trees and the gloom within, he could not clearly make out the objects within. Although every nerve in his body cautioned otherwise, he slowly pushed open the door. The door creaked as it swung back. As he carefully took a step inside, the door slammed shut. Michael’s futile attempts to open the door only increased his panic. He tried to calm his thundering heart by repeating to himself, “I am not afraid. I am not afraid,” but to no avail. He suddenly felt an uneasy darkness consume him from within. He opened his mouth to call for help, but his words failed him.

#2010 9월
My mother gave me some strawberry jam to take to Mrs. Sampson. It was winter and, when she opened the door, I was overcome by the smell of the stove and the damp, dark atmosphere. I was afraid of Mrs. Sampson. She was a big woman with gray skin, like clay, with a couple of gray hairs sticking out of her chin. She always wore a dirty, mud-colored cardigan over shapeless dresses. Worst of all, she had bad breath! “Here you are, dear,” she said in her scratchy voice, and put a dollar bill in my hand, “but don’t spend it all at once!” I fled, back to the relative safety of my own home.

#2009 9월
I took a room in the Draco Hotel, a pleasant hotel and a pleasant room: small but comfortable, with a telephone, a small color television, and its own bathroom. I was highly pleased and full of expectations about being in a new place. I dumped my things and went out to look around the town. I soon came to be grateful for not living there. It was entirely the opposite of my expectations. The hotel was in a dark neighborhood of shipping offices and warehouses. There were also a couple of banks, a very large police station with its paint peeling off, and a weather-beaten post office with a row of telephone booths in front. I noticed that the telephone books in the booths had been torn or burned and hung from their chains.
Away across a hundred miles, the mountain tops looked like islands in the fog that floated below us. Grandpa pointed to the east and said, “Watch.” Above the rim of the farthest mountain, on the end of the world, a pink stripe swept across, and a paint brush swept a million miles across the sky. The morning birth came alive, and morning wind picked up. The mountain rim looked like it had caught fire; then the sun cleared the trees. It turned the fog into a pink ocean, with its waves gently rolling up and down. Grandpa said the world had got born all over again, and he took off his hat and we watched the sunrise for a long time.

#2008 9월
Henry was moving the soccer ball down the field thrilled with the prospect of scoring a goal−the first in his entire life. In his haste, he didn’t realize that his teammates weren’t anywhere near him. Concentrating, filled with expectation, he sped eagerly toward the goal. It wasn’t until the last second that he noticed who the goalkeeper was−his teammate! It was too late, however, as Henry’s foot had already begun moving to kick the ball into the net. A perfect kick! Then total silence! Henry realized that he had made a terrible mistake. He had scored for the opposing team. Henry glanced at his coach who looked furious as he screamed at him. He wanted the earth to swallow him up.
Twenty-four-year-old Bob was swimming along the beach about one hundred yards offshore. When he was  forty feet away from a group of bathers who were swimming in about five feet of water, he suddenly let out a scream. All the bathers could hear was a lot of noise resulting from Bob’s attempts to get out of the water. One of the group, Tim, realizing that something was wrong, rushed to Bob’s aid. Tim grabbed the struggling Bob and attempted to pull him toward shore, but in vain. Some lifeguards immediately launched their surf boat and set out toward the troubled swimmer.

#2007 9월
I don’t know politics but I know the names of those people in power, and can repeat them like the days of the week, or the names of the months, beginning with Nehru. I am Indian, very brown, born in Malabar. I speak three languages, write in two, and dream in one. “Don’t write in English,” they said, “English is not your mother tongue.” Why not leave me alone, critics, friends, visiting cousins, every one of you? Why not let me speak in any language I like? The language I speak becomes mine. Though it seems funny, as being half English and half Indian, it voices my joys, my longings, and my hopes.
This would be a day both father and son could treasure all their lives― the boy’s first day at Fenway Park and the day they’d both looked forward to for so long. They took a chance at the reserved-seat ticket window and were rewarded with a pair of lower box seats. The boy sat in the second row just a few feet away from the field. And the father watched him and felt his heart bursting with joy. They did all the things they had planned: hotdogs, ice cream sandwiches, reading the scoreboard, watching the crowd, chasing foul balls, and cheering. This is what life is all about, the father thought. A boy and his dad and baseball. Nothing beats it!

#2006 9월
It is truly an honor to have received the Fisher Scholarship for 2003-2004. I am flattered to have been chosen to receive this scholarship. I think chemistry is an interesting field, full of opportunities. I am proud of being a chemistry major here at Roanoke College. I look forward to beginning a career in the chemical industry or perhaps in education. Because of your financial support, I have had the opportunity to receive a wonderful education. I hope that you will continue to support academics at Roanoke College.
I lecture for about half an hour. Then, I notice that the students are beginning to look at the ceiling; one is feeling for his handkerchief; another shifts in his seat; another smiles at his thoughts, and so on. This means they are distracted. Something must be done. Taking advantage of the first opportunity, I make a joke. A broad grin comes on to a hundred and fifty faces, the eyes shine brightly, and the thunder of laughter is audible for a brief moment. I laugh, too. Their attention is refreshed, and I can go on. 

#2005 9월
I had overslept at the hotel, missing breakfast, and had to leap into my clothes. I couldn’t find a cab and had to drag my overweight bag eight blocks to the Central Bus Station. I had huge difficulty persuading the staff at the bank on Johansgate Street to cash sufficient traveler’s checks to pay the 1,200-krone bus fare. They simply could not understand that the William McGuire Bryson on my passport and the Bill Bryson on my traveler’s checks were both me. Now here I was arriving at the station two minutes before departure, breathless and steaming from the endless uphill struggle that is my life, and the girl at the ticket counter was telling me that she had no record of my reservation.
The monster suddenly felt a strange need to get up and look at himself in the mirror. He relit his candle. When he saw his face reflected in the polished glass, he scarcely recognized it; it seemed to him as though he had never yet seen himself. His eyes looked to him enormous, and he was pale; yes, without doubt he was pale, very pale. He remained standing in front of the mirror. He put out his tongue, as though to check the state of his health, and abruptly the thought struck him like a bullet, “The day after tomorrow, at this very hour, I may no longer be in this world.” His heart began its furious beating again.

#2004 9월
Being the “brightest” member of my third grade class, I was asked to recite a rather lengthy poem for a school event. My initial response to the task was “No big deal,” and I jumped at the opportunity to be in the spotlight yet again. I casually practiced my presentation at home. The day came. I began to recite the poem, but I suddenly lost my memory and could say only two lines before I dried up. My face became red with embarrassment as the audience giggled quietly and my teacher secretly fed me my lines.
Volcanoes are very powerful in our minds because we are attracted by fire. Volcanoes are making a show each time we go there. It is a wonderful show of nature, the best we can imagine. When we are on volcanoes and they are erupting, we are just nothing. We have this big mountain exploding, all these powerful things going on; we are just small, small creatures, and this is fantastic. Normal mountains are really dead compared to volcanoes. We can’t help falling in love with these living mountains.
My hometown is famous for its scenic beauty and its flowers. The lilac fair is especially well known. In the spring, when the lilacs are at their most beautiful, many people come from all over the country to visit the town and see the fair. It is wonderful to see families walking together among the lilacs, parents carrying small children on their shoulders, while others run and play around them. Meanwhile, teenagers dance to the rhythm of the music on their cassette players, and old people sit on park benches, eating their packed meals. They all feel lucky to be alive and healthy at this time. It is difficult for them to imagine a better day out.

#2003 9월


