#2019 수능(짝)
Dear Mr. Reese, A few days ago, I submitted my application and recipe for the 2nd Annual DC Metro Cooking Contest. However, I would like to change my recipe if it is possible. I have checked the website again, but I could only find information about the contest date, time, and prizes. I couldn’t see any information about changing recipes. I have just created a great new recipe, and I believe people will love this more than the one I have already submitted. Please let me know if I can change my submitted recipe. I look forward to your response
War is inconceivable without some image, or concept, of the enemy. It is the presence of the enemy that gives meaning and justification to war. ‘War follows from feelings of hatred’, wrote Carl Schmitt. ‘War has its own strategic, tactical, and other rules and points of view, but they all presuppose that the political decision has already been made as to who the enemy is’. The concept of the enemy is fundamental to the moral assessment of war: ‘The basic aim of a nation at war in establishing an image of the enemy is to distinguish as sharply as possible the act of killing from the act of murder’. However, we need to be cautious about thinking of war and the image of the enemy that informs it in an abstract and uniform way. Rather, both must be seen for the cultural and contingent phenomena that they are.
Although not the explicit goal, the best science can really be seen as refining ignorance. Scientists, especially young ones, can get too obsessed with results. Society helps them along in this mad chase. Big discoveries are covered in the press, show up on the university’s home page, help get grants, and make the case for promotions. But it’s wrong. Great scientists, the pioneers that we admire, are not concerned with results but with the next questions. The highly respected physicist Enrico Fermi told his students that an experiment that successfully proves a hypothesis is a measurement; one that doesn’t is a discovery. A discovery, an uncovering―of new ignorance. The Nobel Prize, the pinnacle of scientific accomplishment, is awarded, not for a lifetime of scientific achievement, but for a single discovery, a result. Even the Nobel committee realizes in some way that this is not really in the scientific spirit, and their award citations commonly honor the discovery for having “opened a field up,” “transformed a field,” or “taken a field in new and unexpected directions.”
With the industrial society evolving into an information-based society, the concept of information as a product, a commodity with its own value, has emerged. As a consequence, those people, organizations, and countries that possess the highest-quality information are likely to prosper economically, socially, and politically. Investigations into the economics of information encompass a variety of categories including the costs of information and information services; the effects of information on decision making; the savings from effective information acquisition; the effects of information on productivity; and the effects of specific agencies (such as corporate, technical, or medical libraries) on the productivity of organizations. Obviously many of these areas overlap, but it is clear that information has taken on a life of its own outside the medium in which it is contained. Information has become a recognized entity to be measured, evaluated, and priced.
We argue that the ethical principles of justice provide an essential foundation for policies to protect unborn generations and the poorest countries from climate change. Related issues arise in connection with current and persistently inadequate aid for these nations, in the face of growing threats to agriculture and water supply, and the rules of international trade that mainly benefit rich countries. Increasing aid for the world’s poorest peoples can be an essential part of effective mitigation. With 20 percent of carbon emissions from (mostly tropical) deforestation, carbon credits for forest preservation would combine aid to poorer countries with one of the most cost-effective forms of abatement. Perhaps the most cost-effective but politically complicated policy reform would be the removal of several hundred billions of dollars of direct annual subsidies from the two biggest recipients in the OECD―destructive industrial agriculture and fossil fuels. Even a small amount of this money would accelerate the already rapid rate of technical progress and investment in renewable energy in many areas, as well as encourage the essential switch to conservation agriculture.
A defining element of catastrophes is the magnitude of their harmful consequences. To help societies prevent or reduce damage from catastrophes, a huge amount of effort and technological sophistication are often employed to assess and communicate the size and scope of potential or actual losses. This effort assumes that people can understand the resulting numbers and act on them appropriately. However, recent behavioral research casts doubt on this fundamental assumption. Many people do not understand large numbers. Indeed, large numbers have been found to lack meaning and to be underestimated in decisions unless they convey affect (feeling). This creates a paradox that rational models of decision making fail to represent. On the one hand, we respond strongly to aid a single individual in need. On the other hand, we often fail to prevent mass tragedies or take appropriate measures to reduce potential losses from natural disasters.
Biological organisms, including human societies both with and without market systems, discount distant outputs over those available at the present time based on risks associated with an uncertain future. As the timing of inputs and outputs varies greatly depending on the type of energy, there is a strong case to incorporate time when assessing energy alternatives. For example, the energy output from solar panels or wind power engines, where most investment happens before they begin producing, may need to be assessed differently when compared to most fossil fuel extraction technologies, where a large proportion of the energy output comes much sooner, and a larger (relative) proportion of inputs is applied during the extraction process, and not upfront. Thus fossil fuels, particularly oil and natural gas, in addition to having energy quality advantages (cost, storability, transportability, etc.) over many renewable technologies, also have a “temporal advantage” after accounting for human behavioral preference for current consumption/return
Industrial capitalism not only created work, it also created ‘leisure’ in the modern sense of the term. This might seem surprising, for the early cotton masters wanted to keep their machinery running as long as possible and forced their employees to work very long hours. However, by requiring continuous work during work hours and ruling out non-work activity, employers had separated out leisure from work. Some did this quite explicitly by creating distinct holiday periods, when factories were shut down, because it was better to do this than have work promoted by the casual taking of days off. ‘Leisure’ as a distinct non-work time, whether in the form of the holiday, weekend, or evening, was a result of the disciplined and bounded work time created by capitalist production. Workers then wanted more leisure and leisure time was enlarged by union campaigns, which first started in the cotton industry, and eventually new laws were passed that limited the hours of work and gave workers holiday entitlements. Leisure was also the creation of capitalism in another sense, through the commercialization of leisure. This no longer meant participation in traditional sports and pastimes. Workers began to pay for leisure activities organized by capitalist enterprises. Mass travel to spectator sports, especially football and horse-racing, where people could be charged for entry, was now possible. The importance of this can hardly be exaggerated, for whole new industries were emerging to exploit and develop the leisure market, which was to become a huge source of consumer demand, employment, and profit.

#2018 수능(짝)
Dear Ms. Diane Edwards, I am a teacher working at East End High School. I have read from your notice that the East End Seaport Museum is now offering a special program, the 2017 Bug Lighthouse Experience. The program would be a great opportunity for our students to have fun and experience something new. I estimate that 50 students and teachers from our school would like to participate in it. Would you please let me know if it is possible to make a group reservation for the program for Saturday, November 18? We don’t want to miss this great opportunity. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Best regards, Joseph Loach
At the 2015 Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit, Ginni Rometty offered this advice: “When did you ever learn the most in your life? What experience? I guarantee you’ll tell me it was a time you felt at risk.” To become a better leader, you have to step out of your comfort zone. You have to challenge the conventional ways of doing things and search for opportunities to innovate. Exercising leadership not only requires you to challenge the organizational status quo but also requires you to challenge your internal status quo. You have to challenge yourself. You have to venture beyond the boundaries of your current experience and explore new territory. Those are the places where there are opportunities to improve, innovate, experiment, and grow. Growth is always at the edges, just outside the boundaries of where you are right now.
One exercise in teamwork I do at a company retreat is to put the group in a circle. At one particular retreat, there were eight people in the circle, and I slowly handed tennis balls to one person to start throwing around the circle. If N equals the number of people in the circle, then the maximum number of balls you can have in motion is N minus 1. Why? Because it’s almost impossible to throw and catch at the same time. The purpose of the exercise is to demonstrate the importance of an individual’s action. People are much more concerned about catching the ball than throwing it. What this demonstrates is that it’s equally important to the success of the exercise that the person you’re throwing to catches the ball as that you are able to catch the ball. If you’re less concerned about how you deliver information than with how you receive it, you’ll ultimately fail at delegation. You have to be equally skilled at both.
Sensory-specific satiety is defined as a decrease in appetite, or the subjective liking for the food that is consumed, with little change in the hedonics of uneaten food. As a result of sensory-specific satiety, when people consume a variety of foods, they tend to overeat. A greater variety of food leads people to eat more than they would otherwise. So, being full and feeling sated are separate matters. The recovery of appetite or the motivation to eat is apparent to anyone who has consumed a large meal and is quite full, and does not require additional energy or nutrients to meet their daily needs, but decides to consume additional calories after seeing the dessert cart. Small changes in the sensory properties of foods are sufficient to increase food intake. For example, subjects who were presented with different shapes of pasta showed increased hedonic ratings and increased energy consumption relative to subjects eating only a single shape of pasta.
Individual authors and photographers have rights to their intellectual property during their lifetimes, and their heirs have rights for 70 years after the creator’s death, so any publication less than 125 years old has to be checked for its copyright status. The duration of copyright protection has increased steadily over the years; the life-plus-70-years standard was set by the Copyright Term Extension Act of 1998, which increased the 50-year limit established by the 1976 Copyright Act. Supporters of such legislation like to defend these increases with tales of starving writers and their impoverished descendants, but in reality the beneficiaries are more likely to be transnational publishing companies. And note that copyright laws serve a dual purpose. In addition to protecting the rights of authors so as to encourage the publication of new creative works, copyright is also supposed to place reasonable time limits on those rights so that outdated works may be incorporated into new creative efforts. Therefore, the extended copyright protection frustrates new creative endeavors such as including poetry and song lyrics on Internet sites.
Time spent on on-line interaction with members of one’s own, preselected community leaves less time available for actual encounters with a wide variety of people. If physicists, for example, were to concentrate on exchanging email and electronic preprints with other physicists around the world working in the same specialized subject area, they would likely devote less time, and be less receptive to new ways of looking at the world. Facilitating the voluntary construction of highly homogeneous social networks of scientific communication therefore allows individuals to filter the potentially overwhelming flow of information. But the result may be the tendency to overfilter it, thus eliminating the diversity of the knowledge circulating and diminishing the frequency of radically new ideas. In this regard, even a journey through the stacks of a real library can be more fruitful than a trip through today’s distributed virtual archives, because it seems difficult to use the available “search engines” to emulate efficiently the mixture of predictable and surprising discoveries that typically result from a physical shelf-search of an extensive library collection.
In one sense, every character you create will be yourself. You’ve never murdered, but your murderer’s rage will be drawn from memories of your own extreme anger. Your love scenes will contain hints of your own past kisses and sweet moments. That scene in which your octogenarian feels humiliated will draw on your experience of humiliation in the eighth grade, even though the circumstances are totally different and you’re not even consciously thinking about your middle-school years. Our characters’ emotions, after all, draw on our own emotions. Sometimes, however, you will want to use your life more directly in your fiction, dramatizing actual incidents. Charles Dickens used his desperate experience as a child laborer in Victorian England to write David Copperfield. Should you create a protagonist based directly on yourself? The problem with this─and it is a very large problem─is that almost no one can view himself on the page. As the writer, you’re too close to your own complicated makeup. It can thus be easier and more effective to use a situation or incident from your life but make it happen to a character who is not you. In fact, that’s what authors largely have done. You can still, of course, incorporate aspects of yourself: your love of Beethoven, your quick temper, your soccer injuries. But by applying your own experience to a different protagonist, you can take advantage of your insider knowledge of the situation, and yet gain an objectivity and control that the original intense situation, by definition, did not have.

#2017 수능(짝)
Want to improve your Korean writing? Writing is an essential tool that will help you adjust to Korean university life. The Ha-Rang Writing Center offers a free tutoring program open to all international students at our university. We encourage you to take advantage of this. The program has always been very popular among international students. Registration opens from November 28 for three days only. Once you are registered, we will match you with a perfect tutor and contact you to arrange your schedule. We are sure that you will be satisfied with our well-experienced tutors. Don’t miss this great opportunity to improve your Korean writing. For more information, feel free to email Jiyung Yoon, HRWC Director, at jyoon@hrwc.org.
Many present efforts to guard and maintain human progress, to meet human needs, and to realize human ambitions are simply unsustainable─in both the rich and poor nations. They draw too heavily, too quickly, on already overdrawn environmental resource accounts to be affordable far into the future without bankrupting those accounts. They may show profit on the balance sheets of our generation, but our children will inherit the losses. We borrow environmental capital from future generations with no intention or prospect of repaying. They may blame us for our wasteful ways, but they can never collect on our debt to them. We act as we do because we can get away with it: future generations do not vote; they have no political or financial power; they cannot challenge our decisions.
The precision of the lines on the map, the consistency with which symbols are used, the grid and/or projection system, the apparent certainty with which place names are written and placed, and the legend and scale information all give the map an aura of scientific accuracy and objectivity. Although subjective interpretation goes into the construction of these cartographic elements, the finished map appears to express an authoritative truth about the world, separate from any interests and influences. The very trust that this apparent objectivity inspires is what makes maps such powerful carriers of ideology. However unnoticeably, maps do indeed reflect the world views of either their makers or, more probably, the supporters of their makers, in addition to the political and social conditions under which they were made. Some of the simple ideological messages that maps can convey include: This land is and has long been ours; here is the center of the universe; if we do not claim this land, the enemies you most fear will.
As a system for transmitting specific factual information without any distortion or ambiguity, the sign system of honey-bees would probably win easily over human language every time. However, language offers something more valuable than mere information exchange. Because the meanings of words are not invariable and because understanding always involves interpretation, the act of communicating is always a joint, creative effort. Words can carry meanings beyond those consciously intended by speakers or writers because listeners or readers bring their own perspectives to the language they encounter. Ideas expressed imprecisely may be more intellectually stimulating for listeners or readers than simple facts. The fact that language is not always reliable for causing precise meanings to be generated in someone else’s mind is a reflection of its powerful strength as a medium for creating new understanding. It is the inherent ambiguity and adaptability of language as a meaning-making system that makes the relationship between language and thinking so special.
The film director, as compared to the theater director, has as his material, the finished, recorded celluloid. This material from which his final work is composed consists not of living men or real landscapes, not of real, actual stage-sets, but only of their images, recorded on separate strips that can be shortened, altered, and assembled according to his will. The elements of reality are fixed on these pieces; by combining them in his selected sequence, shortening and lengthening them according to his desire, the director builds up his own “filmic” time and “filmic” space. He does not adapt reality, but uses it for the creation of a new reality, and the most characteristic and important aspect of this process is that, in it, laws of space and time invariable and inescapable in work with actuality become obedient. The film assembles from them a new reality proper only to itself.
The impacts of tourism on the environment are evident to scientists, but not all residents attribute environmental damage to tourism. Residents commonly have positive views on the economic and some sociocultural influences of tourism on quality of life, but their reactions to environmental impacts are mixed. Some residents feel tourism provides more parks and recreation areas, improves the quality of the roads and public facilities, and does not contribute to ecological decline. Many do not blame tourism for traffic problems, overcrowded outdoor recreation, or the disturbance of peace and tranquility of parks. Alternatively, some residents express concern that tourists overcrowd the local fishing, hunting, and other recreation areas or may cause traffic and pedestrian congestion. Some studies suggest that variations in residents’ feelings about tourism’s relationship to environmental damage are related to the type of tourism, the extent to which residents feel the natural environment needs to be protected, and the distance residents live from the tourist attractions.
Duration refers to the time that events last. If we think of tempo as the speed of events, then duration is the speed of the clock itself. For the physicist, the duration of a “second” is precise and unambiguous: it is equal to 9,192,631,770 cycles of the frequency associated with the transition between two energy levels of the isotope cesium-133. In the realm of psychological experience, however, quantifying units of time is a considerably clumsier operation. When people are removed from the cues of “real” time─be it the sun, bodily fatigue, or timepieces themselves─it doesn’t take long before their time sense breaks down. And it is this usually accurate psychological clock, as opposed to the time on one’s watch, that creates the perception of duration that people experience. Theoretically, a person who mentally stretches the duration of time should experience a slower tempo. Imagine, for example, that baseballs are pitched to two different batters. The balls are thrown every 5 seconds for 50 seconds, so a total of 10 balls are thrown. We now ask both batters how much time has passed. Let’s say that batter number one (who loves hitting) feels the duration to be 40 seconds. Batter number two (bored by baseball) believes it to be 60 seconds. Psychologically, then, the first person has experienced baseballs approaching every four seconds while the second sees it as every six seconds. The perceived tempo, in other words, is slower for batter number one

#2016 수능(짝)
Dear Coach Johnson, My name is Christina Markle, Bradley Markle’s mother. Bradley and I were thrilled to learn that you’re holding your Gymnastics Summer Camp again this year. So I didn’t hesitate to sign up and pay the non-refundable deposit for the second week program, which is from July 13 to 17. But today I remembered that our family is going to get back from a trip on July 13, and I’m afraid Bradley won’t be able to make it on the very first day of the program. Rather than make him skip the day, I’d like to check to see if he could switch to the third week program. Please let us know if that’s possible. Thank you. Sincerely, Christina Markle
Assertiveness may seem to some people to be uncharacteristic of counselors. If your picture of a counselor is someone who never disagrees, always “goes along,” wants everything to be nice all the time, and only does what other people want himor her to do, this is not a picture of an assertive counselor. Being assertive does not have to mean being disagreeable. Being a counselor does not mean that you should simply be silent when someone tells a racist joke. An assertive counselor would find a way to call that person’s attention to the fact that the joke is racist, explaining how it offended the hearer, and suggesting ways similar jokes could be avoided. Being assertive is a highly developed skill― it should fit nicely in the counselor’s repertoire of techniques.
The negative effects of extrinsic motivators such as grades have been documented with students from different cultures. Although this matter is more complex than simply regarding all extrinsic rewards as controlling or diminishing learning, we agree with Richard Ryan and his colleagues that people across different cultures are likely to express more satisfaction with their lives when their primary goals are intrinsic rather than extrinsic. Another consistent research finding is that when a learning activity is undertaken explicitly to attain some extrinsic reward, people respond by seeking the least demanding way of ensuring the reward. Since there are three decades of evidence that dominating instruction with a system of controlling external rewards may contribute to inferior learning, using a pedagogy based on theories of intrinsic motivation appears to be a more reasonable and effective approach to enhancing learning among culturally diverse students.
Twin sirens hide in the sea of history, tempting those seeking to understand and appreciate the past onto the reefs of misunderstanding and misinterpretation. These twin dangers are temporocentrism and ethnocentrism. Temporocentrism is the belief that your times are the best of all possible times. All other times are thus inferior. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your culture is the best of all possible cultures. All other cultures are thus inferior. Temporocentrism and ethnocentrism unite to cause individuals and cultures to judge all other individuals and cultures by the “superior” standards of their current culture. This leads to a total lack of perspective when dealing with past and/or foreign cultures and a resultant misunderstanding and misappreciation of them. Temporocentrism and ethnocentrism tempt moderns into unjustified criticisms of the peoples of the past.
When we remark with surprise that someone “looks young” for his or her chronological age, we are observing that we all age biologically at different rates. Scientists have good evidence that this apparent difference is real. It is likely that age changes begin in different parts of the body at different times and that the rate of annual change varies among various cells, tissues, and organs, as well as from person to person. Unlike the passage of time, biological aging resists easy measurement. What we would like to have is one or a few measurable biological changes that mirror all other biological age changes without reference to the passage of time, so that we could say, for example, that someone who is chronologically eighty years old is biologically sixty years old. This kind of measurement would help explain why one eighty-year-old has so many more youthful qualities than does another eighty-year-old, who may be biologically eighty or even ninety years old.
Performance must be judged in terms of what is under the control of the individuals being evaluated rather than those influences on performance that are beyond their control. There can be broad, influential factors, sometimes of an economic nature, that hold down the performance of everyone being judged. One example is in sales. If there is a general downturn in the economy and products or services are not being purchased with the same frequency as in the previous year, sales could be down, for example, by an average of 15%. This 15% (actually －15%) figure would then represent “average” performance. Perhaps the best salesperson in the year had only a 3% drop in sales over the previous year. Thus, “good” performance in this situation is a smaller loss compared to some average or norm group.
We might describe science that has no known practical value as basic science or basic research. Our exploration of worlds such as Jupiter would be called basic science, and it is easy to argue that basic science is not worth the effort and expense because it has no known practical use. Of course, the problem is that we have no way of knowing what knowledge will be of use until we acquire that knowledge. In the middle of the 19th century, Queen Victoria is supposed to have asked physicist Michael Faraday what good his experiments with electricity and magnetism were. He answered, “Madam, what good is a baby?” Of course, Faraday’s experiments were the beginning of the electronic age. Many of the practical uses of scientific knowledge that fill our world―transistors, vaccines, plastics― began as basic research. Basic scientific research provides the raw materials that technology and engineering use to solve problems. Basic scientific research has yet one more important use that is so valuable it seems an insult to refer to it as merely functional. Science is the study of nature, and as we learn more about how nature works, we learn more about what our existence in this universe means for us. The seemingly resourceful knowledge we gain from space probes to other worlds tells us about our planet and our own role in the scheme of nature. Science tells us where we are and what we are, and that knowledge is beyond value

#2015 수능(홀)
One difference between winners and losers is how they handle losing. Even for the best companies and most accomplished professionals, long track records of success are punctuated by slips, slides, and mini-turnarounds. Even the team that wins the game might make mistakes and lag behind for part of it. That’s why the ability to recover quickly is so important. Troubles are ubiquitous. Surprises can fall from the sky like volcanic ash and appear to change everything. That’s why one prominent scholar said, “Anything can look like a failure in the middle.” Thus, a key factor in high achievement is bouncing back from the low points.
Many disciplines are better learned by entering into the doing than by mere abstract study. This is often the case with the most abstract as well as the seemingly more practical disciplines. For example, within the philosophical disciplines, logic must be learned through the use of examples and actual problem solving. Only after some time and struggle does the student begin to develop the insights and intuitions that enable him to see the centrality and relevance of this mode of thinking. This learning by doing is essential in many of the sciences. For instance, only after a good deal of observation do the sparks in the bubble chamber become recognizable as the specific movements of identifiable particles.
The most normal and competent child encounters what seem like insurmountable problems in living. But by playing them out, he may become able to cope with them in a step-by-step process. He often does so in symbolic ways that are hard for even him to understand, as he is reacting to inner processes whose origin may be buried deep in his unconscious. This may result in play that makes little sense to us at the moment, since we do not know the purposes it serves. When there is no immediate danger, it is usually best to approve of the child’s play without interfering. Efforts to assist him in his struggles, while well intentioned, may divert him from seeking and eventually finding the solution that will serve him best.
At some time in their lives, most people pause to reflect on their own moral principles and on the practical implications of those principles, and they sometimes think about what principles people should have or which moral standards can be best justified. When a person accepts a moral principle, naturally the person believes the principle is important and well justified. But there is more to moral principles than that. When a principle is part of a person’s moral code, that person is strongly motivated toward the conduct required by the principle, and against behavior that conflicts with that principle. The person will tend to feel guilty when his or her own conduct violates that principle and to disapprove of others whose behavior conflicts with it. Likewise, the person will tend to hold in esteem those whose conduct shows an abundance of the motivation required by the principle.
The key to successful risk taking is to understand that the actions you’re taking should be the natural next step. One of the mistakes we often make when confronting a risk situation is our tendency to focus on the end result. Skiers who are unsure of themselves often do this. They’ll go to the edge of a difficult slope, look all the way down to the bottom, and determine that the slope is too steep for them to try. The ones that decide to make it change their focus by analyzing what they need to do to master the first step, like getting through the first mogul on the hill. Once they get there, they concentrate on the next mogul, and over the course of the run, they end up at the bottom of what others thought was an impossible mountain.
Plato and Tolstoy both assume that it can be firmly established that certain works have certain effects. Plato is sure that the representation of cowardly people makes us cowardly; the only way to prevent this effect is to suppress such representations. Tolstoy is confident that the artist who sincerely expresses feelings of pride will pass those feelings on to us; we can no more escape than we could escape an infectious disease. In fact, however, the effects of art are neither so certain nor so direct. People vary a great deal both in the intensity of their response to art and in the form which that response takes. Some people may indulge fantasies of violence by watching a film instead of working out those fantasies in real life. Others may be disgusted by even glamorous representations of violence. Still others may be left unmoved, neither attracted nor disgusted.
Increased size affects group life in a number of ways. There is evidence that larger groups (five or six members) are more productive than smaller groups (two or three members). Members of larger groups tend to offer more suggestions than members of smaller groups, and although they seem to reach less agreement, they also show less tension. These differences may reflect the greater need of larger groups to solve organizational problems. Members may realize that their behavior must become more goal-directed, since it is unlikely that they can coordinate their actions without making a special effort to do so. Larger groups also put more pressure on their members to conform. In such groups, it is harder for everyone to take part equally in discussions or to have the same amount of influence on decisions. There is evidence that groups with an even number of members differ from groups with an odd number of members. The former disagree more than the latter and suffer more deadlocks as a result. Groups with an even number of members may split into halves. This is impossible in groups with an odd number of members―one side always has a numerical advantage. According to some researchers, the number five has special significance. Groups of this size usually escape the problems we have just outlined. Moreover, they are not plagued by the fragility and tensions found in groups of two or three. Groups of five rate high in member satisfaction; because of the odd number of members, deadlocks are unlikely when disagreements occur.

#2014-B 수능
In order to successfully release himself from the control of his parents, a child must be secure in his parents’ power, as represented by their loving authority. The more effectively they communicate that authority, the more secure the child feels, and the better able he is to move away from them toward a life of his own. During this lengthy process, whenever he feels threatened, he turns back toward the safety of his parents’ love and authority. In other words, it is impossible for a child to successfully release himself unless he knows exactly where his parents stand, both literally and figuratively. That requires, of course, that his parents know where they themselves stand. If they don’t know where they stand ― if, in other words, they are insecure in their authority ― they cannot communicate security to their child, and he cannot move successfully away from them. Under the circumstances, he will become clingy, or disobedient, or both.
The names of pitches are associated with particular frequency values. Our current system is called A440 because the note we call ‘A’ that is in the middle of the piano keyboard has been fixed to have a frequency of 440 Hz. This is entirely arbitrary. We could fix ‘A’ at any frequency, such as 439 or 424; different standards were used in the time of Mozart than today. Some people claim that the precise frequencies affect the overall sound of a musical piece and the sound of instruments. Led Zeppelin, a band popular in the 70s, often tuned their instruments away from the modern A440 standard to give their music an uncommon sound, and perhaps to link it with the European children’s folk songs that inspired many of their compositions. Many purists insist on hearing baroque music on period instruments, both because the instruments have a different sound and because they are designed to play the music in its original tuning standard, something that purists deem important.

#2014-A 수능(홀)
Good news for pet shop owners! We, ABLE Shipping, have developed the perfect system for shipping fish to your customers. We can ship live fish across the nation, and the fish will do just fine. Are you wondering how we ensure each fish has a safe journey? Here’s the secret. We pack each one in an oxygen-inflated plastic bag with enough water to keep the fish relaxed and comfortable. Furthermore, each bag is wrapped in a cushion and then placed inside a shipping box. Your fish will enjoy the journey all the way to your customers’ front doors. Call us at 1-800-456-4959 or e-mail us at fishlove@ableshipping.com, and you’ll see how it works.
In our efforts to be the good child, the uncomplaining employee, or the cooperative patient, many of us fall into the trap of trying to please people by going along with whatever they want us to do. At times, we lose track of our own boundaries and needs, and the cost of this could be our life, both symbolically and literally. When we are unable to set healthy limits, it causes distress in our relationships. But when we learn to say no to what we don’t feel like doing in order to say yes to our true self, we feel empowered, and our relationships with others improve. So don’t be afraid to say no. Try to catch yourself in the moment and use your true voice to say what you really want to say.
Some people punish themselves when they are under time pressure. They delete all the games on their PC, they stop going for walks, and they don’t spend time with their friends. They then have less pleasure in life and less balance―and their work performance actually declines. Break out of this pattern by paying more attention to relaxation and getting more involved in living when you are under pressure. Define clear time periods for this: half an hour for a walk, ten minutes to play a game on your PC, and so on. Your mind will become more creative during the break, and you will become mentally fitter. Free time without feelings of guilt will give you the strength to do high-quality work in the remaining time. Furthermore, a certain amount of recreation reduces the chances of developing stress-related disorders.
Large animals are actually less dangerous to hikers than smaller ones. Common sense tells us that we should avoid tigers, bears, and other large threatening animals. But smaller animals are actually more threatening than bigger animals. To overcome disadvantages of their size, small animals have developed useful weapons such as poison to protect themselves in the wild. Each year, only a few people are attacked by tigers or bears, and most of these incidents are caused by the people themselves. However, more people are killed by bites from small poisonous snakes than by these large animals. Even more people lose their lives from allergic reactions to common bee stings. For these reasons, hikers should be careful about small dangerous creatures.
It is well known that some baseball parks are better for hitting home runs than others. It is not just the size of the park that matters. Other park conditions such as wind and humidity also affect whether a ball sails over the fences, and players know this. So what happens when a player is moved to a team whose baseball park has better conditions for home runs than his current one― say, 28 percent better? One analysis found that the player hit 60 percent more home runs. Why? The answer lies in how achievable you think the goal is. If you think you are likely to hit more home runs, you are more likely to swing for the fences. But if you think your chance of hitting a home run is smaller, your brain will send you signals to just try for a single to get on base. In business and life, just as in baseball, our perceptions can affect whether we swing for the fences or not. The baseball research shows us that what matters is not the actual distance to the fence but what our brains recognize that distance to be. Consider your work and your current life. Do the fences seem too far away to hit a home run? Simply adjust the fences so that it seems easier.

#2013 수능(홀)
As you are well aware, a great tragedy took place in our city last week. Some faulty electrical wiring led to a fire breaking out and eventually destroying an entire block of homes in the suburbs. From the very beginning it was fanned by strong winds, but it would not have spread so far and so quickly, if our firefighters had been able to arrive at the scene in time. Our city has only one fire station located downtown. Would you please establish a new fire station in our area, since you are mayor of our city? We are in urgent need of one. I look forward to your response.
Although praise may encourage children to continue an activity while an adult is watching, according to recent studies, they are less likely to continue the activity when the adult leaves or to repeat the activity in the future. Rather than increasing children’s commitment to positive behavior, praise encourages children to find ways to get future verbal “goodies” from important adults. In other words, praise is like the large pink icing rose in the center of a cake. It is appealing and at first bite its sweetness tastes wonderful. A couple more bites still might taste good, but it quickly becomes overly sweet. It has only one simple flavor; we soon tire of it and if we eat very much at any one time, we might even feel slightly ill. It may provide some quick energy but it provides no nourishment and doesn’t support growth or health
What’s dangerous about the Internet is, because it has the aura of technology around it, it has a totally undeserved instant credibility. The fact that information is conveyed in this high-tech manner somehow adds authority to what is conveyed, when in fact the Internet is a global conveyer of unfiltered, unedited, untreated information. It is the greatest tool we have not only for making people smarter quicker, but also for making people dumber faster. Rumors published on the Internet now have a way of immediately becoming facts. This is particularly true among people who might not themselves have access to the Internet but hear a piece of news or gossip from the people around them who do have access.
Why is it difficult to find a runner who competes equally well in both 100-m and 10,000-m races? The primary reason is that our muscles contain two main types of muscle fibers, called slow and fast muscle fibers. Slow muscle fibers are muscle cells that can sustain repeated contractions but don’t generate a lot of quick power for the body. They perform better in endurance exercises, like long-distance running, which require slow, steady muscle activity. Fast muscle fibers are cells that can contract more quickly and powerfully than slow muscle fibers but fatigue much more easily; they function best for short bursts of intense activity, like weight lifting or sprinting.
Scientists should be careful to reduce bias in their experiments. A bias occurs when what the scientist expects changes how the results are viewed. This expectation might cause a scientist to select a result from one trial over those from other trials. Scientists can lessen bias by running as many trials as possible and by keeping accurate notes of each observation made. Valid experiments also must have data that are measurable. This allows others to compare the results to data they obtain from a similar experiment. Most importantly, the experiment must be repeatable. Findings are supportable when other scientists perform the same experiment and get the same results.
I once heard a woman say, “Of course, he’s successful. It’s in his genes.” I knew she wasn’t talking about me, because I was wearing shorts. I also knew she was wrong. Success is not in our genes. Not all children of successful people become successful themselves. Many kids have everything going for them and end up total disasters. They do none of the things that helped their parents succeed. The number of unsuccessful people who come from successful parents is proof that genes have nothing to do with success. You can’t change your genes, but you can change the people you imitate. The choice is up to you, so why not imitate the best? There are hundreds of great people to imitate and copy. They have terrific advice about what helped them succeed. Jot down notes and carry them around in your pants pocket. Then success will be in your jeans, even if it’s not in your genes.
In the early 1990s Norway introduced a carbon tax on emissions from energy, and it did seem to encourage environmental innovation. However, unexpected circumstances came when they tried to apply this approach globally. Agreeing on international taxes on emissions was notoriously hard, as we already know that the European Union has experienced terrible difficulties in trying to regularize the complex and myriad differences in its members’ sales taxes. Besides, although Sweden, Finland, and Denmark barely decided to introduce carbon taxes during the 1990s, they have not harmonized their approaches with Norway or with each other. If such similar countries can’t come to an agreement, there is little hope for doing so with the vastly more diverse countries in the rest of the world.
“Why, in country after country that mandated seat belts, was it impossible to see the promised reduction in road accident fatalities?” John Adams, professor of geography at University College London, wrote in one of his many essays on risk. “It appears that measures that protect drivers from the consequences of bad driving encourage bad driving. The principal effect of seat belt legislation has been a shift in the burden of risk from those already best protected in cars, to the most vulnerable, pedestrians and cyclists, outside cars.” Adams started to group these counterintuitive findings under the concept of risk compensation, the idea that humans have an inborn tolerance for risk. As safety features are added to vehicles and roads, drivers feel less vulnerable and tend to take more chances. The phenomenon can be observed in all aspects of our daily lives. Children who wear protective gear during their games have a tendency to take more physical risks. Hikers take more risks when they think a rescuer can access them easily.
What should writers do when they’re teased by intriguing but elusive ideas, by hints of thoughts that seem too vague to be expressed in words? Edgar Allan Poe’s advice is simple: They should pick up their pens (or, he might add today, power up their laptops). Poe dismisses the argument that any ideas are so deep or subtle that they’re “beyond the compass of words.” “For my own part,” he said in an 1846 article in Graham’s Magazine, “I have never had a thought which I could not set down in words, with even more distinctness than that with which I conceived it.” The “mere act” of writing, Poe believed, helps writers make their ideas not only clearer but more logical. To use his phrase, the process of writing contributes to “the logicalization of thought.” Whenever he felt dissatisfied with a vague “conception of the brain,” Poe said, “I resort forthwith to the pen, for the purpose of obtaining, through its aid, the necessary form, consequence and precision.” Today’s advocates of freewriting would probably agree with Poe on this point. Sometimes, the best way to resolve a dilemma―whether it’s a writing dilemma or a thinking dilemma― is simply to start writing.

#2012 수능(홀)
In this digital age, images are essential units of information, and knowing how to use photography effectively is more important than ever. Fortunately, enrolling at the Hobbiton Institute of Photography is one of the easiest, most cost-effective ways to take your photography to the next level. You’ll be assigned a personal adviser, have your work evaluated by experienced experts, and receive insightful suggestions on how to make it better. You’ll also learn to think on your feet and develop the eye of a photographer. You can pursue your passion with us, and your photography will never be the same.
Many people use their cleverness to justify and excuse themselves for the messiness of their workspaces. They say things like, “I know where everything is.” Or they say non-humorous things such as, “A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.” However, people who say they know where everything is turn out to be using a large amount of their mental capacity and creative energies remembering where they placed things, rather than doing the job. If they worked in a well-organized environment for any length of time, they would be surprised at how much more productive they were. If you have a tendency to attempt to explain a messy desk or work area, challenge yourself to work with a clean desk for an entire day. The result will amaze you.
Living things naturally return to a state of balance. When we are disturbed by forces acting on us, our inner machinery kicks in and returns us to a balanced state of equilibrium. Homeostasis is the word we use to describe the ability of an organism to maintain internal equilibrium by adjusting its physiological processes. Most of the systems in animal and human physiology are controlled by homeostasis. We don’t like to be off balance. We tend to keep things in a stable condition. This system operates at all levels. Our blood stays the same temperature. Except for extraordinary exceptions, when people find ways to intervene using methods more powerful than our tendency to equilibrium, our habits, behaviors, thoughts, and our quality of life stay pretty much the same too.
All of us use the cultural knowledge we acquire as members of our own society to organize our perception and behavior. Most of us are also naive realists: we tend to believe our culture mirrors a reality shared by everyone. But cultures are different, and other people rarely behave or interpret experience according to our cultural plan. For example, an American anthropologist attempted to tell the classic story of Hamlet to Tiv elders in West Africa. She believed that human nature is pretty much the same the whole world over; at least the general plot and motivation of the great tragedy would always be clear. But, at each turn in the story when she told it, the Tiv interpreted the events and motives in Hamlet using their own cultural knowledge. The result was a very different version of the classic play.
The good news is that it’s never too late to start building up muscle strength, regardless of your age. Ideally, though, it’s best to start in your mid-forties when muscle mass starts to decline significantly. “Once you’ve started, it can take just six weeks to see an improvement of up to 20 percent in your muscle capabilities,” says Dr. Ward. Studies have found that intense programs of strength training can help even weak older people double their strength, as well as enable them to walk faster and climb stairs more easily. And muscle isn’t all you gain―strength training can help combat osteoarthritis, depression, and risk factors for heart disease and diabetes.
Standard English allows access to certain educational and economic opportunities, which is the primary reason for teaching it. Students realize this when they interview for a first job or when they plan for post-high school education. So, what should teachers do when a student says, “I ain’t got no pencil,” or brings some other nonstandard dialect into the classroom? Opinions vary from ‘rejection and correction’ to complete acceptance. The approach most consistent with culturally responsive teaching is to first accept the dialect and then build on it. For example, when the student says, “I ain’t got no pencil,” the teacher might say, “Oh, you don’t have a pencil. What should you do, then?” Although results won’t be apparent immediately, the long-range benefits―both for language development and attitudes toward school―are worthwhile.
Emotional eaters manifest their problem in lots of different ways. For many people, one of the classic signs of emotional eating is night eating. Night eaters are often eating in response to anxiety or to the emotional turmoil they’ve experienced throughout the day. Boredom and loneliness are also more likely to come to the surface when the rush of the day is done and the night stretches ahead. Sometimes emotional eating is a reaction to a specific situation. You had a bad day at work. The kids have been so demanding that you are completely worn out. You and your significant other are fighting. It doesn’t matter what the circumstances are; the end result is that 99 times out of 100 you end up on the couch with a bowl of chips or bag of cookies in your hand, telling yourself it’s the only way you can relax.
Giving people the latitude and flexibility to use their judgment and apply their talents rapidly accelerates progress. Send a message of respect and inspire people to be creative and use their individual talents toward the goals of the enterprise. Empower people by letting them know that you believe in them and allowing them to take action. Trusting people and empowering them also allows you to focus on the things you need to accomplish. Ellyn McColgan says, “I used to say to people all the time, ‘I can help you figure out just about any problem you throw at me, but is that really what you want from me?’ They would look at me funny and say, ‘Not really.’ I would say, ‘I think what you would like is to do a great job and then give me an opportunity to say, ‘Great job!’’ Then they would respond, ‘Yes, that’s true.’”
Mediation is a process that has much in common with advocacy but is also crucially different. It parallels advocacy in so far as it tends to involve a process of negotiation, but differs in so far as mediation involves adopting a neutral role between two opposing parties  rather than taking up the case of one party against another. At times, particularly in very complex situations, the processes of advocacy and mediation can overlap, perhaps with very problematic results, as one loses clarity over his or her role. It is therefore important, if not essential, to maintain a clear focus in undertaking advocacy or mediation in order to ensure that the roles do not become blurred and therefore potentially counterproductive. For example, a mediator who ‘takes sides’ is likely to lose all credibility, as is an advocate who seeks to adopt a neutral position
Since the beginning of time, the mysterious nature of dreaming has led people to believe that dreams were messages from the other world. Dreams have been regarded as prophetic communications which, when properly decoded, would enable us to foretell the future. There is, however, absolutely no scientific evidence for this theory. It is certainly true that individuals who are concerned about a traumatic event, such as the threat of the loss of a loved one who is sick, will dream about that loved one more than would otherwise be the case. If the dreamer then calls and finds that the loved one has died, it is understandable for him or her to assume that the dream was a premonition of that death. But this is a mistake. It is simply a(n) coincidental correspondence between a situation about which one has intense concern and the occurrence of the event that one fears. To prove the existence of premonitory dreams, scientific evidence must be obtained. We would need to do studies in which individuals are sampled in terms of their dream life and judges are asked to make correspondences between these dream events and events that occurred in real life. A problem that arises here is that individuals who believe in premonitory dreams may give one or two striking examples of ‘hits,’ but they never tell you how many of their premonitory dreams ‘missed.’ To do a scientific study of dream prophecy, we would need to establish some base of how commonly coincidental correspondences occur between dream and waking reality. Until we have that evidence, it is better to believe that the assumption is false.

#2011 수능(홀)
My wife and I have enjoyed receiving your publication for years. Unfortunately, our jobs now have us both traveling most weeks, and we simply cannot keep up with a daily paper. So we would like to request that you stop delivery to our home. If you have questions about this matter, please leave a message at (212)555-5612, and either my wife or I will call you back as soon as we can. Thank you for years of reliable delivery of a first-rate newspaper. If our situation changes, we will call you to resume delivery. In the meantime, we will expect delivery to stop no later than the end of this week.
I have always taught my children that politeness, learning, and order are good things, and that something good is to be desired and developed for its own sake. But at school they learned, and very quickly, that children earn Nature Trail tickets for running the quarter-mile track during lunch recess. Or Lincoln Dollars for picking up trash on the playground or for helping a young child find the bathroom ―deeds that used to be called ‘good citizenship.’ Why is it necessary to buy the minimal cooperation of children with rewards and treats? What disturbs me is the idea that good behavior must be reinforced with incentives. Children must be taught to perform good deeds for their own sake, not in order to receive stickers, stars, and candy bars.
Experienced writers invariably write in a climate of discussion. Their writing is usually embedded in a context of others’ ideas and opinions. Many writers, especially in the academic community, are directly responding to other writers―a scientist reexamining the experimental procedures of other scientists; a literary critic taking exception to a prevailing method of interpretation; a sociologist offering an alternative explanation of a colleague’s data; a historian participating as respondent in a conference. Such people are not writing in a vacuum. Their ideas often originate in discussion, their writing is a response to discussion, and their papers are designed to stimulate further discussion.
Habitat diversity refers to the variety of places where life exists. Each habitat is the home of numerous species, most of which depend on that habitat. When it disappears, a vast number of species disappear as well. More often, an entire habitat does not completely disappear but instead is reduced gradually until only small patches remain. This has happened to old-growth forests and coastal wetlands in the United States and is now occurring in tropical forests throughout the world. Elimination of all but small patches of habitat is especially damaging because it not only eliminates many local species but also threatens those species that depend on vast acreage for their survival.
Most people attack a new problem by relying heavily on the tools and skills that are most familiar to them. While this approach can work well for problems that are similar to those previously solved, it often fails, and fails miserably, when a new problem is particularly novel. In this circumstance, it is best to assume nothing and treat the problem as if you have never seen anything like it before. In martial arts, this sense of looking freshly at something is known as ‘beginner’s mind.’ Beginners to any art don’t know what is important and what is irrelevant, so they try to absorb every detail. Experienced martial artists use their experience as a filter to separate the essential from the irrelevant. When that filter mistakenly screens out something essential, then even seasoned masters can make mistakes.
You see the world as one big contest, where everyone is competing against everybody else. You feel that there is a set amount of good and bad fortune out there. You believe that there is no way that everyone can have everything. When other people fail, you feel there’s a better chance for you to succeed. However, there is not a limited supply of resources out there. When one person wins, everyone wins. Every victory one person makes is a breakthrough for all. Whenever an Olympic swimmer sets a new world record, it inspires others to bring out the best within them and go beyond that achievement to set new records of human performance. Whenever a geneticist unlocks new secrets of the DNA molecule, it adds to our knowledge base and enables us to better the human condition. Remember that life is a game where there are multiple winners.
University students in several of my seminar classes sat in a circle and each student took turns telling the others his or her name. At the end of the round of introductions, the students were asked to write down the names of as many other students as they could remember. In almost every case, students wrote down the names of students that were seated far away from them. However, surprisingly, they weren’t able to recall the names of students who were seated close to them. This effect was worst for the students who sat on either side of them. What was the reason for such findings? The student who was next in line for an introduction was clearly on edge and after finishing his or her introduction, he or she was preoccupied with calming his or her nerves. The effect was clearly due to the social anxiety they experienced immediately before and after having to introduce themselves to the entire group.
Richard Dawkins and John Krebs argued that although in some circumstances it might be appropriate to describe animal signals as transferring information, in many other, perhaps most, cases there would be such a conflict of interest between signaller and receiver that it is more accurate to describe the signaller as attempting to ‘manipulate’ the receiver rather than just inform it. For example, an angler fish that dangles a worm-like bit of skin in front of a small fish and catches it because the smaller fish snaps at the ‘worm’ can certainly be said to have carried out a successful manipulation of its prey. In this case, if information has been transferred, it is most definitely false.
Unlike the modern society, the primitive society has less specialized knowledge to transmit, and since its way of life is enacted before the eyes of all, it has no need to create a separate institution of education such as the school. Instead, the child acquires the heritage of his culture by observing and imitating adults in such activities as rituals, hunts, festivals, cultivation, and harvesting. As a result, there is little or none of that alienation of young from old so marked in modern industrial societies. A further reason for this alienation in modern societies is that in his conception of reality the modern adult owes less to his direct experience and more to the experience of his culture than does primitive man. Clearly, his debt to culture will vary with the nature of his education. Hence, the contemporary child must travel much further than the offspring of primitive man to acquire the world view of his elders. He is, therefore, that much more removed from the adults of his society.
Many people believe that it is critical to share similar, if not identical, beliefs and values with someone with whom they have a relationship. While this may seem preferable, it is far from mandatory. Individuals from extremely diverse backgrounds have learned to overlook their differences and live harmonious, loving lives together. I’ve seen people from opposite ends of the spectrum economically and politically that ended up in happy, lasting marriages. I’ve seen couples from different ethnic groups merge into harmonious relationships, and I’ve seen people from different religions come together for a strong, lasting bond. Furthermore, many good friends have little in common except a warm loving feeling of respect and rapport. That’s the only essential thing. People who enjoy the best relationships with others, who live life with the least frustration regarding their differences, have learned that differences are to be expected, a fact of life. This understanding must go beyond a mere intellectual ‘I know we’re all different.’ You must truly own this idea and incorporate it into your daily life. The way I see it, we have only two realistic choices. We can resist the principle of separate realities and remain frustrated and angry over the fact that no one seems to conform to our way of thinking, or we can strive to understand what in Eastern philosophy is called ‘the way of things.’ Separate realities is the way things really are. Everyone is unique and has different gifts to offer. When we look for these gifts we will surely find them―and in doing so, we will open the door to a world of personal growth.

#2010 수능(홀)
Upon receiving your last letter, I rushed to look up the word ‘flattering’ in the dictionary. I was shocked to find out that it could imply something negative, which I certainly did not mean. I should have used some word like ‘complimentary’ instead. For that, I would like to ask for the kindness in your heart to forgive my unintended offense. If you knew me well, you would know that I am shameless enough to take all compliments at their face value and not to think that they might be mere flattery. I just did not know what the word really implied. I hope that you no longer feel hurt or uncomfortable in any way as a result of our correspondence.
Imagine that you are in a meeting. Your party and the other party are sitting across a table. You ask a question on a particular subject and the answer is unsatisfactory. What would be the best response? It is none at all. So if you are seeking more information or a different kind of information, ask for it by remaining silent. When there is a long pause in the conversation, people feel an overwhelming need to fill it. If someone has finished speaking and you do not play along by taking up your end of the dialog, that person will automatically start to elaborate. Eventually, they may say what you want to hear.
A forest fire in Brazil affects the weather in Moscow by creating huge dust clouds that eventually float over Russia. Every element in an ecosystem depends on every other element, even the so-called nonliving elements such as minerals, oxygen, and sunlight. Yes, light is an integral element of all life. The sun is food for many of earth’s life forms. Physicists speak of photons of light as being interchangeable. When the light from an object hits a person, only some of it bounces off. Most of the photons are absorbed into the person. Its energy becomes that person’s energy. This is how incredible interdependence is ―everything is constantly becoming everything else.
In practical situations where there is no room for error, we have learned to avoid vagueness in communication. A fire chief, for example, needs to issue his orders with absolute clarity. In imaginative situations, however, there is the danger that too much specificity can limit your imagination. Let’s suppose that the same fire chief has asked you to paint a picture on the side of his firehouse. If he tells you what he wants it to look like right down to the last detail, he has not given you any room for your imagination. However, if the assignment were stated somewhat vaguely, then you would have more room to think and be more creative.
Although a speech can be effective, all the words in the world cannot measure up to the example of a leader, especially in communicating new behaviors and values. There is often no more effective way to help people understand the message than to have it modeled for them by the manager. Words can yield a variety of interpretations in terms of the kind of behaviors people think they mean. But a manager’s actions provide a clear model of exactly the kind of behavior required. Managers who want people to take a more team-based approach with their people, for example, will almost certainly get better results by taking a more team-based approach themselves rather than just by making a speech on teamwork.
Young children rarely think of their art as personal property. Often they throw it away or give it away. This suggests that much of the value of art for a child consists in making it. Interestingly, art in tribal societies is frequently abandoned after it has served its purpose. The focus is on the magical, expressive, and social value of the act of making. Some contemporary artists share this feeling, but they are also caught up in the system of art exhibition, the selling of their art, and the requirements of an art market. This results in a tension in the art world that is largely unresolved―the tension between art as a satisfying mode of expression and art as a precious collectible object, between the experience of making and the experience of owning.
The age of 3½ is not without its charm. One of the more amusing aspects of this age is the child’s often vivid imagination, expressed most strikingly in his enjoyment of imaginary companions. Though some people have felt that only the lonely play with imaginary playmates, our research makes it very evident that it is often the highly superior and imaginative child who invents these creatures. They are very real to him, very important, and, we can assure you, quite harmless. Even though it may be annoying to have to lay a place at dinner or keep an extra seat in the family automobile for his ‘friend’ who exists only in your child’s imagination, it is probably well worthwhile.
How can you create closeness when the two of you are hundreds of miles apart? How can you make the person you are talking to on the phone feel special when you cannot pat their back or give them a little hug? The answer is simple. Just use your caller’s name far more often than you would in person. In fact, shower your conversations with his or her name. Saying a person’s name too often in face-to-face conversation sounds manipulative. However, on the phone the effect is dramatically different. If you heard someone say your name, even if you were being pushed around in a big noisy crowd, you would pay attention and listen.
Many years ago, psychologists performed an experiment in which they put a number of people in a room, alone except for a ring toss set. It was one of those children’s toys with a short wooden post held upright on the floor and a bunch of round rings. The subjects were left alone to amuse themselves as best they could. As expected, with time to kill, they began trying to toss the rings around the post. What the psychologists discovered was that most of the people moved far enough away from the post so that tossing the rings around it was challenging but not so difficult as to be totally frustrating. In other words, they deliberately positioned themselves between frustration on the one hand and boredom on the other. The process of alternately producing and relieving tension was what made the activity stimulating.
A friend of mine and his wife were in Hawaii, standing on a beach, watching a beautiful sunset ―hardly able to believe how magnificent the sight was. A woman approached them and overheard my friend’s wife say, “I can’t believe how beautiful this is.” While walking away from the spectacular display, the woman said, “You should have seen it in Tahiti.” When your attention is not on the present moment but on something else, you will tend to compare even good experiences with others, as the Tahiti traveler did, or you will wonder about future experiences instead of enjoying the present one, and regret past experiences because they are already over. But as you learn to bring your attention back to the here and now, life will come alive again, providing the enjoyment and satisfaction it was meant to. Thus, when you live in the present moment, one of the nice things that happens to you is that ordinary, everyday life takes on a new significance. Taking walks, watching a sunset, gardening, reading a book, all begin to feel special. When your attention is brought back to the here and now, you engage in life rather than think about life.

#2009 수능(홀)
If you are worrying about money when you are away, your enjoyment will suffer. Plan your budget in advance to give yourself time to research the costs fully. If you cannot get confirmed prices, get as many estimates as you can. Note the best price and the worst price and budget in between the two. Ideally, the budgeted figures will work out just about right. If they don’t, you will have to use your emergency fund to cover basic expenses such as food, transport, and accommodation, and there will be less money available for an unexpected situation that necessitates a sudden change of plan. So, be sure to make your budget realistic, so that you can be confident that you will be able to pay for all aspects of the trip.
Many people believe that they will be free of their anger if they express it, and that their tears will release their pain. This belief derives from a nineteenth-century understanding of emotions, and it is no truer than the flat earth. It sees the brain as a steam kettle in which negative feelings build up pressure. But no psychologist has ever succeeded in proving the unburdening effects of the supposed safety valves of tears and anger. On the contrary, over forty years ago, controlled studies showed that fits of anger are more likely to intensify anger, and that tears can drive us still deeper into depression. Our heads do not resemble steam kettles, and our brains involve a much more complicated system than can be accounted for by images taken from nineteenth-century technology.
Knowing when something happened is important. Understanding why historic events took place is also important. To do this, historians often turn to geography. Weather patterns, the water supply, and the landscape of a place all affect the lives of the people who live there. For example, to explain why the ancient Egyptians developed a successful civilization, you must look at the geography of Egypt. Egyptian civilization was built on the banks of the Nile River, which flooded each year, depositing soil on its banks. The rich soil could help farmers grow enough crops to feed the people in the cities. That meant everyone did not have to farm, so some people could perform other jobs that helped develop the civilization.
Nowadays, we can enjoy athletic competition of every kind without leaving our homes. It is the fun that comes from cheering on our team and celebrating its skills while complaining about the opposing team’s good luck. But some individuals sit and watch a football game or tennis match without cheering for anyone or any team. They are not willing to risk the possible disappointment of picking the loser, so they give up the possible joy of picking the winner. They live in the world of neutrality. Don’t be one of them. Sure, your team might lose. But then again, your team might win. Either way, your spectator experience will have been a fun one, and you will have avoided being merely a passive observer.
Old Hawk gestured up at the tall, old cottonwood. It was so large that a grown man could not put his arms around it. “This tree,” he said, “has stood guard over our family all its life. Strength is what I feel each time I look at it. Yet, there have been moments when its great strength was also its weakness.” “That’s hard to believe,” Jeremy said. “It’s the biggest tree for miles around.” Old Hawk pointed at the chokecherry trees in a dry river bed not far away. “Look there,” he said, “those chokecherry trees are small and weak in comparison to this cottonwood. But when you were a child, they survived a storm without losing a branch. This old cottonwood, on the other hand, lost several branches. It stood up to the storm, but it could not bend with the wind the way the chokecherry trees could.”
The specific combinations of foods in a cuisine and the ways they are prepared constitute a deep reservoir of accumulated wisdom about diet and health and place. In Latin America, for example, corn is traditionally eaten with beans; each plant is deficient in an essential amino acid that happens to be abundant in the other, so together corn and beans form a balanced diet in the absence of meat. Similarly, corn in Latin America is traditionally ground or soaked with limestone, which makes available a B vitamin in the corn, the absence of which would otherwise lead to a deficiency disease. Very often, when a society adopts a new food without the food culture surrounding it, as happened when corn first came to Europe, Africa, and Asia, people get sick. The context in which a food is eaten can be nearly as important as the food itself.
Processing a TV message is much more like the all-at-once processing of the ear than the linear processing of the eye reading a printed page. According to McLuhan, television is fundamentally an acoustic medium. To make this point clear, he invited people to try a simple experiment. First, turn the sound down on the TV set for one minute during your favorite program. Now, for another minute, adjust the TV set so that you can hear the sound but you can t see any picture. Which condition was more frustrating? Which condition gave you less information? McLuhan believed that people who tried this little exercise would invariably report more frustration in the condition where the picture was visible but the sound was inaudible.
Most people have a vase or two in a cupboard, but lots of things can be turned into stylish containers for a flower arrangement, so before you rush out to buy anything, look around your own home. For instance, goldfish bowls look stunning filled with flower heads or petals, magnifying their contents. Wine, milk, mineral water, or olive oil bottles look particularly good with one or two stems in them. Try a collection of bottles in various shapes and sizes, lined up on a shelf or grouped on a table. An old teapot which has lost its lid becomes an ideal container for a bunch of roses picked from the garden.
Everywhere in the world, the issue of how to manage urban growth poses the highest stakes, complex policy decisions, and strongly heated conflicts in the public area. The contrast between Western Europe and America is particularly sharp. In Western Europe, steep gasoline taxes, investment policies favoring built-up areas over undeveloped greenfields, continuous investment in public transportation, and other policies have produced relatively compact cities. Cities in Western Europe tend to be economically healthy compared with their suburbs. By contrast, in the United States, cheap gas, massive highway investment, policies that favor construction on the edges of cities, and heavy reliance on property taxes to fund public schools have encouraged much more car-reliant and spread-out urban areas, where eight in ten Americans now live.

#2008 수능(홀)
It is my great pleasure to inform you that your sons and daughters have completed all the academic requirements over the last three years of study at Hutt High School. We feel as if the day they entered our school were yesterday, and now they will proudly receive their graduation certificates. Not unlike many successful graduates in our long history, your children will go out into the world, and successfully participate in the fields of politics, economics, culture, and education. The graduation ceremony will be held next Friday in Hutt High School’s Assembly Hall. On behalf of the school, I would like to extend our invitation to you and your family. I look forward to meeting you there.
We have to ask ourselves a question. What kind of world will our children have to live in? Will they have air to breathe and food to eat? These are among the basic questions that were addressed at the first world meeting on the environment, attended by more than 100 world leaders and 30,000 other scientists, newspeople, and citizens concerned. These complex problems can no longer be solved by individual countries. Nations of the world must act together if we are to develop answers that will give a safe and healthy world to our children. World leaders should have the vision to protect our environment.
There is healing power in flowers and in trees, fresh air, and sweet-smelling soil. Just walking through a garden or, for that matter, seeing one out your window, can lower blood pressure, reduce stress, and ease pain. Get out there and start digging, and the benefits multiply. While it may be basic and even old-fashioned, using gardening as a health care tool is blossoming. New or remodeled hospitals and nursing homes increasingly come equipped with healing gardens where patients and staff can get away from barren, indoor surroundings. Many also offer patients a chance to get their hands dirty and their minds engaged in caring for plants.
Most of us buy our food from supermarkets. In fact, many of us don’t even get as far as the supermarket but make our choices at the click of a mouse. We have abandoned our relationship with the food we eat and with the people who produce our food. Is it any wonder that our children don’t know where food comes from? Is it any wonder that we’re tired, overweight, irritable, and low? It is important to be mindful about every single aspect of purchasing food. Try not to race through your shopping. In my hometown, nobody would buy a melon without feeling it and smelling it; and nobody would dream of buying a chicken without knowing which farm it came from and what it ate. 
A status symbol is something, usually an expensive or rare object, that indicates a high social status for its owner. What is considered a status symbol will differ among countries, based on the states of their economic and technological development, and common status symbols will change over time. Status symbols can indicate the cultural values of a society. Let’s take some examples. In a society that cherishes honor or bravery, a battle wound would be more of a status symbol. In a commercial society, where having money or wealth is most important, things that can be brought by wealth, such as cars, houses, or fine clothing, are considered status symbols. And in a society where people craze for beauty, the condition of one’s skin and body can be a status symbol.
The ability to sympathize with others reflects the multiple nature of the human being, his potentialities for many more selves and kinds of experience than any one being could express. This may be one of the things that enable us to seek through literature an enlargement of our experience. Although we may see some characters as outside ourselves that is, we may not identify with them completely we are nevertheless able to enter into their behavior and their emotions. Thus, the youth may identify with the aged, one gender with the other, and a reader of a particular limited social background with members of a different class or a different period.
Newton was the first to point out that light is colorless, and that consequently color has to occur inside our brains. He wrote, “The waves themselves are not colored.” Since his time, we have learned that light waves are characterized by different frequencies of vibration. When they enter the eye of an observer, they set off a chain of neurochemical events, the end product of which is an internal mental image that we call color. The essential point here is: What we perceive as color is not made up of color. Although an apple may appear red, its atoms are not themselves red.
If we want to describe our society in terms of age, we may come up with four age groups childhood, adolescence, maturity, and old age. We take it for granted that people of different ages behave differently. For example, we feel that a man in his thirties should act his age and not behave like an adolescent or an old man. Equally, we expect that, as they go through life, people of the same age will in some ways understand each other better than people of different ages. All this is part of expected ways of behaving in our social life, but it is not something that we can apply in formal institutions governed by hard-and-fast rules. With the rise of the social sciences, and especially the anthropology of the 1930s and thereafter, words like ‘savage’ and ‘primitive’ began to disappear from the vocabulary of cultural studies, along with the notion that the people who had once borne these labels represented a biologically less evolved form of humanity. Medical science could find no difference in the brains of the former primitives to account for their different behavior; colonists necessarily observed that yesterday’s ‘savage’ might be today’s shopkeeper, soldier, or servant. As humanity began to look more like a family of potential equals, Westerners had to accept that the behavior found in native cultures was not the distinctive feature of savage ‘otherness’ but the expression of a capacity that may exist, for better or for worse, in all of us.

#2007 수능(홀)
Thank you for sending your poems to this publishing house. I have had the opportunity to look them over, and I feel that they show considerable promise, despite your youth and lack of experience in this genre. There is still much room for development, however, and I am afraid they are not yet appropriate for publishing in any of our current poetry journals. You indicate in your cover letter that you intend to follow a literary career. Please allow me to offer my best wishes for your future literary efforts.
All travellers should ensure they have adequate travel insurance before they depart. A suitable insurance policy should provide coverage for medical expenses arising from illness or accident prior to or during their vacation, loss of vacation money, and cancellation of the holiday. Please keep your insurance policy and emergency contact details with you at all times. Before departure, you will be required to provide your tour leader with a copy of your insurance policy covering the period of travel. Without this information, you will not be allowed to travel with the group.
Every society needs heroes, and every society has them. Some heroes shine in the face of great adversity, performing amazing deeds in difficult situations; other heroes do their work quietly, unnoticed by most of us, but making a difference in the lives of other people. Whatever their type, heroes are selfless people who perform extraordinary acts. The true mark of heroes lies not necessarily in the result of their actions, but in what they are willing to do for others and for their chosen causes. Even if they fail, their determination lives on to inspire the rest of us. Their glory lies not in their achievements but in their sacrifices.
Over the past twenty years, I’ve asked thousands of people, “Where are you when you get your best ideas?” The most frequent answers are: ‘resting in bed,’ ‘walking in nature,’ ‘listening to music while driving in my car,’ and ‘relaxing in the bath.’ People rarely get their best ideas at work. What is so special about walking in the woods or resting in bed? Solitude and relaxation. Most people have their best ideas when they are relaxed and by themselves. Leonardo da Vinci once wrote, “If you are alone you are completely yourself, but if you are accompanied by a single companion you are half yourself.”
Every mother and father wants to raise a child with a strong moral character. We want our children to know good from bad, and right from wrong. We hope they’ll learn to behave morally and ethically, and grow up to be honest and considerate. In short, we want our children to develop a conscience a powerful inner voice that will keep them on the right path. But a conscience does not develop by itself, so the job of building one is ours. It’s a process parents need to work on day after day, and year after year. We need to constantly distinguish right from wrong, and to model appropriate behavior. Eventually, our children will fully accept our messages, and they will become the essence of their character.
The story starts in the world of Homer, where the stormy skies and the dark seas were ruled by the mythical gods. Every advance in human understanding since then has been made by brave individuals daring to step into the unknown darkness and to break free from accepted ways of thinking. Most of those steps were small and difficult, but a few were brilliant and beautiful. As Gustave Flaubert wrote, “Among those who go to sea there are the explorers who discover new worlds, adding continents to the Earth and stars to the heavens; they are the masters, the great, the eternally shining.” It is those explorers, through their unceasing trial and error, who have paved the way for us to follow.
Most of us believe that we can trust in technology to solve our problems. Whatever problem you name, you can also name some hoped-for technological solution. Some of us have faith that we shall solve our dependence on fossil fuels by developing new technologies for hydrogen engines, wind energy, or solar energy. Some of us have faith that we shall solve our food problems with genetically modified crops newly or soon to be developed. Those with such faith assume that the new technologies will ultimately succeed, without harmful side effects. However, there is no basis for believing that technology will not cause new and unanticipated problems while solving the problems that it previously produced.
People who run sports camps think of the children first. They do their best to create enjoyable and protective environments in which the children feel comfortable and safe. Unfortunately, some sports coaches in the camps occasionally become over-enthusiastic in their desire to help the children excel. As a result, they put pressure on them to perform at high levels, win at all costs, and keep playing, even when they get hurt. This ‘no pain, no gain’ approach is extremely stressful, and leads to unnecessary injuries. Parents should therefore take care when they send their children to a sports camp, and should talk with the sports coaches to see if they will respect the children’s wishes.

#2006 수능(홀)(스캔)

#2005 수능
For the past 25 years you have been a valued and respected employee of this company. Since you started in the mail room in 1979, your contributions to this firm have been invaluable. Your skills led to your being promoted to executive secretary in 1992. Thus, it is safe to say that without your contributions over the years, we would not be as successful as we have been. On behalf of all the executives, we wish you well and hope you enjoy your well-earned retirement.
Ever since the coming of television, there has been a rumor that the novel is dying, if not already dead. Indeed, print-oriented novelists seem doomed to disappear, as electronic media and computer games are becoming more influential. Nowadays, many young people seem to prefer surfing the Internet to reading books. And often what they seek is not so much profound knowledge as quick information. One may wonder if literary fiction is destined to become an old-fashioned genre to be preserved in a museum like an extinct species.
Painting restorers are highly trained in their techniques, but they would have to be the original painter to know exactly what to do with the work at hand. Technical aspects of the work, such as dirt removal, are quite straightforward. What is important is to bring a painting back to an artist s original intent. In order to do so, they have to decide if they should add something to the painting or leave it as it is. They admit it is extremely difficult to determine what should and should not be retouched. Our goal is to respect the artist s intent, but at the same time to make it a visually coherent work of art, says Michael Duffy of the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
You may have had this experience. A person calls you on the telephone. Apparently assuming you will recognize her voice, she does not provide any verbal content which would help you identify her. For example, you pick up the phone and say, Hello, and the voice on the other end says, Hi, how are you doing? At this point you realize you dont know who it is! So you try to extend the conversation without admitting your ignorance, hoping some verbal clues will be given or that you ll eventually recognize the caller s voice. As a result, you say something like, Fine. What have you been up to?
The adult forgets the troubles of his youth. Comparing the remembered carefree past with his immediate problems, the mature man thinks that troubles belong only to the present. The twelve-year-old, the adult thinks, does not worry about salary or professional advancement. When the roof leaks, only the parent worries about what contractor to employ or about how he will repair it himself. To the adult, then, childhood is a time of freedom. The child, however, wishes always to be a man. He finds freedom in the future. To him, adulthood is a time of wealth, and his father or mother never needs to worry about saving to buy a bicycle.
How much one can earn is important, of course, but there are other equally important considerations, neglect of which may produce frustration in later years. Where there is genuine interest, one may work diligently without even realizing it, and in such situations success follows. More important than success, which generally means promotion or an increase in salary, is the happiness which can only be found in doing work that one enjoys for its own sake and not merely for the rewards it brings.
Even our most highly educated guesses often go disastrously wrong. Albert Einstein remarked, There is no chance that nuclear energy will ever be obtainable. Why is predicting the future so difficult? Would it be smart not to try to guess what s coming next? Not predicting the future would be like driving a car without looking through the windshield. We desperately need people who can foretell the future. They help us narrow the infinity of possible futures down to one or, at least, a few. We look at the present and see the present; they see the seeds of the future. They are our advance scouts, going secretly over the border to bring back priceless information to help the world to come.
Moles are dark spots on human skin. They can vary in color from light to dark brown or black. Almost everyone has at least one mole. According to ancient superstitions, moles reveal a person s character. For example, a mole on one s nose means that he or she is strong-willed and trustworthy. Moles are also believed to foretell the future. Having a mole over one s right eyebrow means he or she will be lucky with money and have a successful career. A mole on the hand, however, is the most desired. It forecasts talent, health, and happiness.
Michelangelo looked at a block of marble and saw a man. Elffers looks at a lemon and sees a pig. Growing up in Holland, he was taught to clear his plate; playing with food was forbidden. As an adult, the artist visited Japan, where, he recalls, food was almost too beautiful, and without humor. Food should be a joy. With his edible produce sculptures, Elffers hopes to share that joy. If you give people permission to see the pig in the lemon, they will forever see animals in fruit or vegetables, he says. Americans carve pumpkins but they never use the stem. It s such an expressive nose! He urges pumpkin buyers to create their own zoos this Halloween. Elffers says, Shop with an open mind.”
The claim that we have recently entered the information age is misleading. Flooded by cellphones, the Internet, and television, we incorrectly imagine that our ancestors inhabited an innocent world where the news did not travel far beyond the village. It may not be valid to assume that the media make our time distinct from the past, because we know relatively little about how information was shared in the past. In fact, the Olympics celebrate the memory of the Greek soldier who brought the news of the Athenian victory over the Persians. Most of us could come up with many other examples— message drums, smoke signals, church bells, ship flags. But their primitiveness would only confirm our sense that we live in a fundamentally different world, one of constant, instant access to information. All ages have had a means of sharing information. What makes our time distinct is not the density of the data we take in. It is the technology that does the transmitting. Thanks to satellites, we can find out instantly about events that occur on the other side of the world. It usually took five weeks for Benjamin Franklin in Paris to receive a letter sent from Philadelphia. But the news was still new and surprising to people there.
Perhaps the greatest thing about being a devoted operagoer is that there is so much room for growth. Although you have heard an opera once, you can still hear it five or twenty times more. I have heard at least twenty performances of my favorite operas, and I would happily hear them twenty more times. With each rehearing, you refine what you know. The better you know an opera, the more you will be challenged by the ideas of new singers, conductors, directors, and designers. Your first experience with Rigoletto and Tosca is only your introduction to those masterpieces. Each time you hear a different singer in any of the key roles, you are hearing a new interpretation. Even the same singer will vary on two different occasions. Artists grow and change in their approach to a character based on their own life experiences and their moods. For example, I saw a famous soprano from Eastern Europe sing Tosca twice within ten months. The first time was a good, honest performance that pleased the audience. The second was impressive. Between the performances, the singer s husband had suddenly died. The love scenes in the second performance seemed much more moving, and her response to the death of her lover was undeniably charming.

#2004 수능
A small number of people have recognized the value of wild plants in Korea. They are fascinated by the beauty of these plants and have been motivated to conserve them after discovering the tragic realities these plants face. Because of indifference to and destruction of their natural habitats, some wild plants confront an uncertain future. Given this situation, these people have striven to conserve the wild plants growing in Korea. They have taught the public to value plant species and launched efforts to preserve wild plants for generations to come. Thanks to their efforts, more Koreans now understand the full value of their precious wild plants.
Reading comprehension involves one s knowledge of the world. For instance, let s think about what stopped the car in the following two sentences: The policeman raised his hand and stopped the car and Superman raised his hand and stopped the car. Your probable answer to this question is legal authority in the first sentence and magical power in the second one. Remember, however, that neither legal authority nor magical power is stated in either sentence. Then how do you know the answer? You know it because you use your background knowledge of the policeman and Superman in order to understand these two sentences. 
My wife and I were at a friend s house recently. We noticed our friend talking on the phone while simultaneously answering the door, checking on dinner, and changing her baby s diaper. Many of us do the same when we are speaking to someone and our mind is elsewhere. When this happens, we not only lose much of the enjoyment of what we are doing, but we also become far less focused and effective. To take this to an extreme, imagine yourself driving down the highway while shaving, drinking coffee, or reading the newspaper. You may be inviting an accident. When doing anything, just focus on what you are doing.
Erik Erikson, well-known for his psycho-social development theory, says that the first issue an infant faces right after birth is trust. He emphasizes that trust is the most important factor in the child s developing personality; and love, quality not quantity, is the key. According to Erikson, basic trust involves having the courage to let go of the familiar and take a step toward the unknown. Studies suggest that when a healthy trust is formed from the start of life, it leads one to moral, honest, balanced conduct in relations with others.
Market researchers often comment that the elderly think of themselves as being much younger than they actually are. In fact, research confirms the popular wisdom that age is more a state of mind than of body. The level of a person s mental outlook and activity has much more to do with length and quality of life than does actual age. A recent study suggests that perceived age may be a more reliable predictor of marketing success on the gray market than actual age. For this reason, many marketers focus on perceived age in marketing campaigns.
Im glad to hear that you re going to Korea to study the Korean language and culture. You sound a little worried, but I think living in a foreign country can be more exciting than you might imagine. I myself had a hard time at first. However, as time passed, I found myself doing better when I concentrated more on improving my language ability and making friends. I learned how to play a traditional Korean musical instrument, the j anggu, which helped me make friends more easily. You re one of the brightest people I know, so Im sure you ll do just fine.
Nature seems to be constantly changing. If we observe nature closely, however, we discover that there is a constant tension between change and balance. In the case of human beings, the general shape and size of our body remains relatively constant while the cells within it are continually being replaced. Likewise, the forest remains a forest, even while individual trees and grasses are removed by death and replaced by birth. The dead bodies of organisms in the forest are broken down and turned into soil, which in turn nourishes other organisms. The elements of nature are continually changing, but nature itself remains constant.
An increasing emphasis on the value of time is changing consumers behavior. A recent survey has found that shoppers want more time for themselves, and one way to get it is to spend less time shopping. Because of this change, shop owners are changing store designs to make shopping and consumer service easier. For example, to help busy shoppers race through the store, companies now display floor plans in many different places throughout the store. Also, they have made their stores bigger to minimize time spent shopping.
In making a successful school, we must consider the relationships among the people involved in the school community. Teachers need to know their students well in order to be able to teach them effectively. In addition, teachers must maintain a good relationship with the parents, who are also an important part of the total community. In a community built on trust and openness, where teachers, students, and parents show respect for each other, students feel secure and can develop the self-confidence which makes learning and personal growth possible. When students are drawn into meaningful relationships with their teachers and other adults, they are better able to see them as real people. This affects their whole attitude toward school and learning. In such an environment, teachers feel valued and supported. Parents feel included. As a result, they are more likely to contribute to the improvement of the school and the learning of the students. All members of the school community feel as though they belong and can make a positive contribution to the school.
Our parents cast long shadows over our lives, and we become aware of their existence when we are infants. Parents first teach us essential ways of living by cautioning, Don t touch or It s not nice to do that. We may think that we learn these lessons through independent efforts, but it s not the way we obtain them at all. It is our parents who have given us our sense of right and wrong, our understanding of love, and our knowledge of who we are. As we grow up, we see them less and less. We leave their homes, and we start new families of our own. So sometimes we think that we can walk in the sun, free of the shadows. But still the shadows have not gone. We carry their being with us all our lives in the sounds of our voices, the look and feel of our skin, and the warmth of our hands and our hearts. It is only when they are gone and we never see them that we find that they and we are indivisible. In fact, we have not been able to separate ourselves from them our whole lives long. The shadows are still there, but they have never really blocked the light at all.

#2003 수능
This government has emphasized excellence in business. It recognizes that the economy must remain strong and is willing to provide whatever is needed in order to achieve this excellence. However, it hasn t fully recognized the importance of the arts, especially the performing arts. The performing arts also desire excellence, but in order to achieve it, they need financial help. Without the government s support, the performing arts cannot survive. This will affect other areas of culture, including film. If the government doesn t support the performing arts, this country will lose much of the heart and soul of its people.
Few people are aware that 1883 is an important year in the history of the Korean press. In that year the newspaper was first published in Korea in an effort to educate the people and bring necessary changes to the country. Three times a month it brought the readers news about the country and the rest of the world. A year later the newspaper was discontinued for a while due to a fire. It had to close in 1888 because of lack of money. In spite of its short life, it changed forever how people got their news in Korea.
I visit a family in Africa. The woman of the house tells me that she hopes to learn to read so that she can study a handbook on raising children. In Japan I am invited to the apartment of a young couple. Their daughter talks about her first-grade teacher. In Egypt I am aboard a houseboat on the Nile. The owner talks about a recent film. Don t these topics strike a familiar note? My experience as a traveler has taught me that despite differences in dress, language, and living conditions, people all over the world are very much the same.
People are often considered to be rude unintentionally. Absorbed in their own thoughts, people do not see the motions of someone trying to greet them. They may walk right by a friend without noticing him or her. Others indeed do not see—they are without their contact lenses or are quite nearsighted. It is important to take into consideration absent-mindedness or poor eyesight before believing that a friend is actually disregarding you. One friendship I know of was tense for months because a woman thought she was being ignored by a friend who simply was not wearing her glasses and couldn t see beyond her nose.
Those who cannot make a success in their business or profession are the ones whose concentration is poor. Many of those who have succeeded in life owe this to the fact that their concentration is good. If one is an artist, with the help of concentration one can produce wonderful works. If one is a scientist, one can achieve great results in science. If one is a poet, poetry will be easy to write. However qualified a person may be, he will not be able to make the best use of his qualifications without concentration. He can hardly be called qualified at all.
Would a modern music composer be your first choice for a hero? Or would you think of the painter of a contemporary masterpiece? If you are like most people, the answer to both questions is no. More likely, a sports hero or a movie star would be your first choice. It seems that the worlds of contemporary art and music have failed to offer people works that reflect human achievements. People, therefore, have lost interest in modern arts and have turned to sports stars and other popular figures to find their role models.
In many countries around the world, narrowmindedness, religious impatience, greed, and fear have turned into crises that have taken the lives of millions. Many struggles such as rich versus poor are fought under deeply held beliefs. But given the destructive results, do these beliefs make sense? How often, in fact, do we stop to think about what we believe? One of the major problems we face both as individuals and as a society is simplistic thinking—or the failure to think at all. It isn t just a problem; perhaps, it is the problem.
Have you ever hurt another person? If so, get in touch with the person you wronged, and ask for forgiveness in all sincerity. You must apologize for that hurt. Promise yourself now to carry it out immediately. Even after many years, it s still possible to find people. If the person has died or really can t be found, you can make a contribution in some way to help others who have suffered from similar acts. If your determination is firm, clear, and sincere, then you will be able to put that emotion and memory aside and find peace of mind.
Once a week, write a heartfelt letter. Taking a few minutes each week to do so does many things for you. Picking up a pen slows you down long enough to remember the beautiful people in your life. The act of sitting down to write helps to fill your life with appreciation. Once you decide to try this, you ll probably be amazed at how many people appear on your list. The purpose of your letter is very simple: to express love and gratitude. Don t worry if you re not good at writing letters. If you can t think of much to say, start with short little notes like, Dear Jasmine, How lucky I am to have friends like you in my life! I am truly blessed, and I wish you all the happiness and joy that life can bring. Love, Richard. Not only does the act of writing a note like this focus your attention on what s right in your life, but the person receiving it will be touched and grateful. Often this simple action starts a chain of loving actions whereby the person receiving your letter may decide to do the same thing to someone else, or perhaps will act and feel more loving toward others.

#2020 6월
Dear Future Pilots, We are very excited to announce that we will offer the Summer Aviation Flight Camp for student pilot certificates. It will be held from July 20 to August 3, 2019 at O’Ryan Flight School. The summer camp will include programs in which participants can receive flight instruction from professional pilots, go on field trips, try flight simulators, and do a lot more. Because of the aviation regulation for student pilots, the camp is limited to participants over 16 years old. Please see the attached document for registration and tuition information. If you have further questions about the camp, please contact the coordinator at 714-3127-1004. Sincerely, Todd O’Ryan Director
Learning a certain concept such as “molecules” requires more than just a single exposure to the idea. If a student is going to remember a science concept, he or she should experience it multiple times and in various contexts. That is one of the strengths of the learning cycle: the students have direct experience with the concept, then they talk about it, and then they have even more direct experience. Reading, watching videos, and listening to others’ thoughts contribute to a more solid understanding of the concept. This suggests more than repetition. Each event allows the student to examine the concept from a different perspective. Ultimately this will lead to a substantive, useful understanding of the complexities and nuances of the concept. 
The twenty-first century is the age of information and knowledge. It is a century that is characterized by knowledge as the important resource that gains competitive advantage for companies. To acquire all these knowledge and information, organizations must rely on the data that they store. Data, the basic element, is gathered daily from different input sources. Information is extracted or learned from these sources of data, and this captured information is then transformed into knowledge that is eventually used to trigger actions or decisions. By and large, organizations do not have any problem of not having enough data because most organizations are rich with data. The problem however is that many organizations are poor in information and knowledge. This fact translates into one of the biggest challenges faced by organizations: how to transform raw data into information and eventually into knowledge, which if exploited correctly provides the capabilities to predict customers’ behaviour and business trends.
In the twelfth to thirteenth centuries there appeared the first manuals teaching “table manners” to the offspring of aristocrats. It was a genre that subsequently had a great success in the early modern period with The Courtier by Baldassare Castiglione, The Galateo by Monsignor Della Casa, and many others produced in different European countries. In a variety of ways and meanings, these are all instruments intended to define or distinguish who is in from who is out, separating the participants from the ostracized. It is for this reason that manuals of “good manners” addressed to the aristocracy always have a negative reference to the peasant who behaves badly, who “doesn’t know” what the rules are, and for this reason is excluded from the lordly table. Food etiquette had become a sign of social barriers and of the impossibility of breaking them down.
Racial and ethnic relations in the United States are better today than in the past, but many changes are needed before sports are a model of inclusion and fairness. The challenges today are different from the ones faced twenty years ago, and experience shows that when current challenges are met, a new social situation is created in which new challenges emerge. For example, once racial and ethnic segregation is eliminated and people come together, they must learn to live, work, and play with each other despite diverse experiences and cultural perspectives. Meeting this challenge requires a commitment to equal treatment, plus learning about the perspectives of others, understanding how they define and give meaning to the world, and then determining how to form and maintain relationships while respecting differences, making compromises, and supporting one another in the pursuit of goals that may not always be shared. None of this is easy, and challenges are never met once and for all time.
After the United Nations environmental conference in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 made the term “sustainability” widely known around the world, the word became a popular buzzword by those who wanted to be seen as pro-environmental but who did not really intend to change their behavior. It became a public relations term, an attempt to be seen as abreast with the latest thinking of what we must do to save our planet from widespread harm. But then, in a decade or so, some governments, industries, educational institutions, and organizations started to use the term in a serious manner. In the United States a number of large corporations appointed a vice president for sustainability. Not only were these officials interested in how their companies could profit by producing “green” products, but they were often given the task of making the company more efficient by reducing wastes and pollution and by reducing its carbon emissions.
Aristotle did not think that all human beings should be allowed to engage in political activity: in his system, women, slaves, and foreigners were explicitly excluded from the right to rule themselves and others. Nevertheless, his basic idea that politics is a unique collective activity that is directed at certain common goals and ends still resonates today. But which ends? Many thinkers and political figures since the ancient world have developed different ideas about the goals that politics can or should achieve. This approach is known as political moralism. For moralists, political life is a branch of ethics―or moral philosophy―so it is unsurprising that there are many philosophers in the group of moralistic political thinkers. Political moralists argue that politics should be directed toward achieving substantial goals, or that political arrangements should be organized to protect certain things. Among these things are political values such as justice, equality, liberty, happiness, fraternity, or national self-determination. At its most radical, moralism produces descriptions of ideal political societies known as Utopias, named after English statesman and philosopher Thomas More’s book Utopia, published in 1516, which imagined an ideal nation. Utopian political thinking dates back to the ancient Greek philosopher Plato’s book the Republic, but it is still used by modern thinkers such as Robert Nozick to explore ideas. Some theorists consider Utopian political thinking to be a bad  undertaking, since it has led in the past to justifications of totalitarian violence. However, at its best, Utopian thinking is part of a process of striving toward a better society, and many thinkers use it to suggest values to be pursued or protected.

#2019 6월
Dear staff, Next Monday, Nature’s Beauty Gardens will have the pleasure of hosting very important guests for the annual “Toddler Trek” event. We hope that this will be fun, educational, and most importantly safe for the toddlers. Parents and children are going to spend time enjoying outdoor activities and having a picnic lunch. It is therefore very important to check the garden for potential dangers. Managers of each department must make sure that all dangerous equipment and machinery are safely stored. Also, for the safety of our guests at this event, garden chemicals will not be used anywhere in Nature’s Beauty Gardens. Thank you for your cooperation in this safety check and for helping to make this year’s “Toddler Trek” event the best one yet. Best regards, Laura Alfaro, Managing Director.
We say to ourselves: “There is plenty of time. I’ll manage somehow or other when the time comes for action.” We are rather proud of our ability to meet emergencies. So we do not plan and take precautions to prevent emergencies from arising. It is too easy to drift through school and college, taking the traditional, conventional studies that others take, following the lines of least resistance, electing “snap courses,” and going with the crowd. It is too easy to take the attitude: “First I will get my education and develop myself, and then I will know better what I am fitted to do for a life work.” And so we drift, driven by the winds of circumstance, tossed about by the waves of tradition and custom. Eventually, most men find they must be satisfied with “any port in a storm.” Sailors who select a port because they are driven to it have scarcely one chance in a thousand of dropping anchor in the right one.
Internet entrepreneurs are creating job-search products and bringing them online regularly. Within the past few years, new Internet-based businesses have come online that help people find internships, complete online classes tailored to individual employer job applications, or find volunteer work that will lead to full-time employment. Job mastery will mean keeping up with the rapidly evolving tools available on the Internet. It should be noted, though, that no development in the Internet job age has reduced the importance of the most basic job search skill: self-knowledge. Even in the Internet age, the job search starts with identifying individual job skills, sector interests, and preferred workplace environment and interests. Richard Bolles’ best selling job search book, first published in 1970, had as its central theme the self-inventory of skills and workplace preferences. This self-inventory continues to be the starting point for any job search today no matter what the Internet technology involved.
The term “biological control” has been used, at times, in a broad context to cover a full spectrum of biological organisms and biologically based products. This has been spectacularly successful in many instances, with a number of pest problems permanently resolved by importation and successful establishment of natural enemies. These importation successes have been limited largely to certain types of ecosystems and/or pest situations such as introduced pests in perennial ecosystems. On the other hand, this approach has met with limited success for major pests of row crops or other ephemeral systems. In these situations, the problem is often not the lack of effective natural enemies but management practices and a lack of concerted research on factors that determine the success or failure of importation attempts in the specific agro-ecosystem setting. Thus, importation programs, to date, are largely a matter of trial and error based on experience of the individual specialists involved. 
According to the individualist form of rhetoric about science, still much used for certain purposes, discoveries are made in laboratories. They are the product of inspired patience, of skilled hands and an inquiring but unbiased mind. Moreover, they speak for themselves, or at least they speak too powerfully and too insistently for prejudiced humans to silence them. It would be wrong to suppose that such beliefs are not sincerely held, yet almost nobody thinks they can provide a basis for action in public contexts. Any scientist who announces a so-called discovery at a press conference without first permitting expert reviewers to examine his or her claims is automatically castigated as a publicity seeker. The norms of scientific communication presuppose that nature does not speak unambiguously, and that knowledge isn’t knowledge unless it has been authorized by disciplinary specialists. A scientific truth has little standing until it becomes a collective product. What happens in somebody’s laboratory is only one stage in its construction.
In some subject areas, topics build on one another in a hierarchical fashion, so that a learner must almost certainly master one topic before moving to the next. For example, an elementary school student should probably master principles of addition before moving to multiplication, because multiplication is an extension of addition. Similarly, a medical student must have expertise in human anatomy before studying surgical techniques: It’s difficult to perform an appendectomy if you can’t find the appendix. Vertical transfer refers to such situations: A learner acquires new knowledge or skills by building on more basic information and procedures. In other cases, knowledge of one topic may affect learning a second topic even though the first isn’t a necessary condition for the second. Knowledge of French isn’t essential for learning Spanish, yet knowing French can help with Spanish because many words are similar in the two languages. When knowledge of the first topic is helpful but not essential to learning the second one, lateral transfer is occurring.
By the turn of the twentieth century, the permanent repertoire of musical classics dominated almost every field of concert music, from piano, song, or chamber music recitals to operas and orchestral concerts. The change from a century before was enormous. In the eighteenth century, performers and listeners demanded new music all the time, and “ancient music” included anything written more than twenty years earlier. But musicians and audiences in the early 1900s expected that most concert music they performed or heard would be at least a generation old, and they judged new music by the standards of the classics already enshrined in the repertoire. In essence, concert halls and opera houses had become museums for displaying the musical artworks of the past two hundred years. The repertoire varied according to the performing medium and from region to region, but the core was largely the same throughout most of Europe and the Americas, including operas and operatic excerpts from Mozart through Verdi, Wagner, and Bizet; orchestral and chamber music from Haydn through the late Romantics; and keyboard music by J.S. Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, and prominent nineteenth-century composers. Living composers increasingly found themselves in competition with the music of the past. This is the great theme of modern music in the classical tradition, especially in the first half of the century: in competing with past composers for the attention of performers and listeners who regarded the classical masterworks, living composers sought to secure a place for themselves by offering something new and distinctive while continuing the tradition. They combined individuality and innovation with emulation of the past, seeking to write music that would be considered original and worthy of performance alongside the masterworks of earlier times.

#2018 6월
Dear Mr. Stevens, This is the chief editor of Novel Flash Fiction. As you were informed by our staff last week, your short story will be published in the December issue of Novel Flash Fiction. We thought hearing how you came up with your story would be meaningful to our readers. We would thus like to ask if you could give a speech about your writing process. This speech is expected to last for about an hour, and it will take place at Star Bookstore downtown. You can choose a specific date and time depending on your schedule. If you have any questions, please contact us by e-mail at editors@nff.com. We look forward to hearing how you wrote your story. Sincerely, Susanna Martinez
Sure, we’ve all heard the advice: “Follow your passion.” It’s great when you hit the jackpot and find a career that melds your strengths and passions, and where there is demand in the highly competitive global marketplace of today. But if your goal is to get a job at the end of the rainbow, you must distinguish between your major, your passions, your strengths, and your career path. Your strengths are more important than your passions. Studies show that the best career choices tend to be grounded in things you’re good at, more so than your interests and passions. Ideally, you want to find a convergence of your strengths and your values with a career path that is in demand. Interests can come and go. Your strengths are your core, your hard-wired assets.
Parents are quick to inform friends and relatives as soon as their infant holds her head up, reaches for objects, sits by herself, and walks alone. Parental enthusiasm for these motor accomplishments is not at all misplaced, for they are, indeed, milestones of development. With each additional skill, babies gain control over their bodies and the environment in a new way. Infants who are able to sit alone are granted an entirely different perspective on the world than are those who spend much of their day on their backs or stomachs. Coordinated reaching opens up a whole new avenue for exploration of objects, and when babies can move about, their opportunities for independent exploration and manipulation are multiplied. No longer are they restricted to their immediate locale and to objects that others place before them. As new ways of controlling the environment are achieved, motor development provides the infant with a growing sense of competence and mastery, and it contributes in important ways to the infant’s perceptual and cognitive understanding of the world. 
It is a strategic and tactical mistake to give an offensive position away to those who will use it to attack, criticize, and blame. Since opponents will undoubtedly attack, criticize, and blame, anyway, the advantages of being proactive, airing one’s own “dirty laundry,” and “telling on oneself” are too significant to ignore. Chief among these advantages is the ability to control the first messages and how a story is first framed. That leaves others having to respond to you instead of the other way around. This approach is appropriately termed “stealing thunder.” When an organization steals thunder, it breaks the news about its own crisis before the crisis is discovered by the media or other interested parties. In experimental research by Arpan and Roskos-Ewoldsen, stealing thunder in a crisis situation, as opposed to allowing the information to be first disclosed by another party, resulted in substantially higher credibility ratings. As significant, the authors found that “credibility ratings associated with stealing thunder directly predicted perceptions of the crisis as less severe.”
If you’ve ever seen the bank of flashing screens at a broker’s desk, you have a sense of the information overload they are up against. When deciding whether to invest in a company, for example, they may take into account the people at the helm; the current and potential size of its market; net profits; and its past, present, and future stock value, among other pieces of information. Weighing all of these factors can take up so much of your working memory that it becomes overwhelmed. Think of having piles and piles of papers, sticky notes, and spreadsheets strewn about your desk, and you get a picture of what’s going on inside the brain. When information overloads working memory this way, it can make brokers―and the rest of us―scrap all the strategizing and analyses and go for emotional, or gut, decisions.
When considered in terms of evolutionary success, many of the seemingly irrational choices that people make do not seem so foolish after all. Most animals, including our ancestors and modern-day capuchin monkeys, lived very close to the margin of survival. Paleontologists who study early human civilizations have uncovered evidence that our ancestors faced frequent periods of drought and freezing. When you are living on the verge of starvation, a slight downturn in your food reserves makes a lot more difference than a slight upturn. Anthropologists who study people still living in hunter-gatherer societies have discovered that they regularly make choices designed to produce not the best opportunity for obtaining a hyperabundant supply of food but, instead, the least danger of ending up with an insufficient supply. In other words, people everywhere have a strong motivation to avoid falling below the level that will feed themselves and their families. If our ancestors hadn’t agonized over losses and instead had taken too many chances in going after the big gains, they’d have been more likely to lose out and never become anyone’s ancestor.
According to many sociologists, the study of what our society calls ‘art’ can only really progress if we drop the highly specific and ideologically loaded terminology of ‘art’, ‘artworks’ and ‘artists’, and replace these with the more neutral and less historically specific terms ‘cultural forms’, ‘cultural products’ and ‘cultural producers’. These cultural products―be they paintings, sculptures, forms of music or whatever―should be regarded as being made by certain types of cultural producer, and as being used by particular groups of people in particular ways in specific social contexts. By using the more neutral term ‘cultural products’ for particular objects, and ‘cultural producers’ for the people who make those objects, the sociologist seeks to break with a view that she/he sees as having dominated the study of cultural forms for too long, namely trying to understand everything in terms of the category ‘art’. This is a category that is too limited and context-specific to encompass all the different cultural products that people in different societies make and use. It is a term that is also too loaded to take at face value and to use naively in study of our own society. Since it is in the interests of certain social groups to define some things as ‘art’ and others as not, the very term ‘art’ itself cannot be uncritically used by the sociologist who wishes to understand how and why such labelling processes occur. Quite simply, then, in order to study cultural matters, many sociologists believe one has to reject the terms ‘art’, ‘artwork’ and ‘artist’ as the basis for our analysis. Instead, these terms become important objects of analysis themselves.

#2017 6월
Dear Ms. Molly Oliver, This is Mark Foster, one of the volunteers for the Auditory Frog and Toad Survey. Unfortunately, I was not able to participate in the orientation last weekend, so I could not receive training in distinguishing the sounds of frogs and toads. I heard from another participant that a CD was used in the training session. I was wondering if you could send me one. Since we have ten more days before the survey begins, I’ll have enough time to receive and use the CD to train myself. You can send it to me at the address in my application. I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. Thank you. Sincerely, Mark Foster
Have you ever met someone while you were experiencing significant emotional, psychological, or physical stress? Perhaps you stayed up all night studying for a final, or maybe you learned that a grandparent recently died. You likely exhibited behaviors that are not consistent with how you usually act. Meeting someone when you are extremely stressed can create an inaccurate impression of you. For this reason, recognize that our first impressions of others also may be perceptual errors. To help avoid committing these errors, engage in perception checking, which means that we consider a series of questions to confirm or challenge our perceptions of others and their behaviors. For example, see if you can provide two possible interpretations for the verbal and nonverbal behavior observed and seek clarification of it in order to determine the accuracy of your evaluation.
When we see a happy face (or an angry one), it subtly generates the corresponding emotion in us. To the degree we take on the pace, posture, and facial expression of another person, we start to inhabit their emotional space; as our body mimics the other’s, we begin to experience emotional matching. Our nervous system is automatically set to engage in this emotional empathy. But how well we use this capacity is largely a learned ability. Animals－and people－who have been raised in extreme social isolation are poor at reading emotional cues in those around them not because they lack the basic circuitry for empathy but because, lacking emotional tutors, they have never learned to pay attention to these messages and so haven’t practiced this skill.
When we hear a story, we look for beliefs that are being commented upon. Any story has many possible beliefs inherent in it. But how does someone listening to a story find those beliefs? We find them by looking through the beliefs we already have. We are not as concerned with what we are hearing as we are with finding what we already know that is relevant. Picture it in this way. As understanders, we have a list of beliefs, indexed by subject area. When a new story appears, we attempt to find a belief of ours that relates to it. When we do, we find a story attached to that belief and compare the story in our memory to the one we are processing. Our understanding of the new story becomes, at that point, a function of the old story. Once we find a belief and connected story, we need no further processing; that is, the search for other beliefs stops.
Savannas pose a bit of a problem for ecologists. There is an axiom in ecology that ‘complete competitors cannot coexist’: in other words, where two populations of organisms use exactly the same resources, one would be expected to do so slightly more efficiently than the other and therefore come to dominate in the long term. In temperate parts of the world, either trees dominate (in forests) or grasses dominate (in grasslands). Yet, in savannas grasses and trees coexist. The classic explanation proposes that trees have deep roots while grasses have shallow roots. The two plant types are therefore able to coexist because they are not in fact competitors: the trees increase in wetter climates and on sandier soils because more water is able to penetrate to the deep roots. Trees do indeed have a few small roots which penetrate to great depth, but most of their roots are in the top half-metre of the soil, just where the grass roots are.
Lawyers and scientists use argument to mean a summary of evidence and principles leading to a conclusion; however, a scientific argument is different from a legal argument. A prosecuting attorney constructs an argument to persuade the judge or a jury that the accused is guilty; a defense attorney in the same trial constructs an argument to persuade the same judge or jury toward the opposite conclusion. Neither prosecutor nor defender is obliged to consider anything that weakens their respective cases. On the contrary, scientists construct arguments because they want to test their own ideas and give an accurate explanation of some aspect of nature. Scientists can include any evidence or hypothesis that supports their claim, but they must observe one fundamental rule of professional science. They must include all of the known evidence and all of the hypotheses previously proposed. Unlike lawyers, scientists must explicitly account for the possibility that they might be wrong.
The idea of protecting intellectual activity and creation has deep roots. The ancient Greeks used an awards system to recognize design achievements, which performed some of the same functions as the modern patent system. Their pottery, sculptures, and other manufactured goods had symbols on them to note the tradesmen who created them, which are the predecessors of modern trademarks. Similar marks and symbols functioning as trademarks have been found on Chinese pottery, possibly dating as far back as 2698 BCE, and in many other ancient societies, including the Egyptians, the Assyrians, and the Vedic civilization. The concept of intellectual property continued to develop during the Roman period. The Roman Empire had an incredible variety of trademarks. Roman potters alone used approximately 6,000 trademarks. Additionally, Roman authors had a sense that their intellectual creations were valuable, as they complained about the exploitation of those creations. Their sense of injustice was probably heightened by the fact that there were laws and traditions in place that supported their belief that only they could exploit their creations. Roman authors could, in fact, make money from the copying and publishing of their works because the value of their intellectual creations was recognized.

#2016 6월
Dear Mr. Johnson, I would like to thank you for approving my request that the company pay for my college tuition. Today, Human Resources informed me that you had signed my request for payment. I want to tell you that this financial relief will make a great difference in my life. Now, I can focus more on my job. This will enable me to perform better at my work and contribute more to the company. Once again, I appreciate your support of my tuition and your faith in me. Sincerely, Warwick Smith
Planning involves only the half of your brain that controls your logical thinking. The other intuitive half of your brain is left out of this planning process. If you insist on always having a plan, you cut yourself off from your intuitive self and the inner joy it provides. To break planning addiction, allow yourself one freedom. Decide to spend a day exploring a park or a neighborhood with curiosity as your only guide. The next time you feel attracted to someone, and want to introduce yourself, go ahead. You’ll be likely to make a new friend. By giving yourself freedom to follow your intuition, you develop your sensitivity to your inner voice. You learn to hear the quiet messages that can make your life an adventure.
Although the Internet seems truly global these days, less than half of the world’s population has access to it. Some four billion people are still unconnected. This spring, IT engineers will begin to shift to the next phase in a grand plan to bring the Internet to everyone. Their goal is to establish a network of high-altitude balloons that will rain 4G LTE signals down to anyone with a 4G device. Regional telecom companies will transmit the signals to the balloons, and then each balloon will relay the signals to a ground area many miles in diameter. In this way, farmers in remote areas will be able to access weather data, and rural children will be able to pursue online educations. By the end of the year, the engineers aim to have 100 balloons about 13 miles up.
Inflation can be a major life concern for most people. It makes it difficult for households to plan ahead. This is because ‘future problems’ concerning inflation often make us change our plans for the future. For instance, how much should the parents of a newborn start regularly saving to pay for her college education? If inflation averages two percent, prices roughly double every thirty-six years. But if inflation gets up to eight percent, prices roughly double every nine years. A Harvard education that currently costs $100,000 may therefore end up costing half a million dollars for an infant born today. Millions of workers who retired with pensions during the 1960s and 1970s found that inflation pushed up costs far beyond their expected expenses. Many had to reenter the workforce just to make ends meet.
Tourism is important for more than just vacationing. Tourism allows people from different places and cultures to come together, and then tourists and host communities learn about each other’s differences and similarities. They also learn new tastes and ways of thinking, which may lead to a better understanding between hosts and tourists. Another positive effect of tourism is the aid it provides for the survival of a society’s culture, especially the culture’s art forms. The opportunity to sell native artworks to tourists or perform folk dances for them may encourage local artists to preserve traditional art forms. For example, Fijians have developed their palm mat and shell jewelry crafts into profitable tourist businesses. They also earn additional income by performing folk dances and fire walking.
There are two types of managers in business organizations: functional managers and project managers. Both types of managers have different roles and qualities. Functional managers head one of a firm’s departments such as marketing or engineering, and they are specialists in the area they manage. They are skilled at breaking the components of a system into smaller elements, knowing something of the details of each operation for which they are responsible. On the other hand, project managers begin their career as specialists in some field. When promoted to the position of project manager, they must transform from technical caterpillar to generalist butterfly. They oversee many functional areas, each with its own specialists. Therefore, what is required is an ability to put many pieces of a task together to form a coherent whole. Thus, to understand a frog, for example, functional managers cut it open to examine it, but project managers watch it swim with other frogs and consider the environment.
It isn’t going to be easy making changes to the food your children eat, and even the most careful, patient parents will probably find that the little ones will resist at some point and to some degree. The problem is that many of us were forced to eat in a healthy way as children: we learned the hard way. And the temptation to continue with these parental habits with our own children is strong. If you were made to sit at the table until you had cleaned your plate, you are not alone: most of the adult population have suffered this at some point―at school if not at home. Forcing your children to eat, especially if they don’t like what is on the plate, is completely counterproductive. “Sit there until you finish” may be how we learned, and may also be the only way you feel able to achieve your goal, but think about it: the experience of eating a pile of unwanted cabbage until they feel sick is hardly going to make children jump for joy the next time it is served. This strict approach is very old-fashioned, and you may win the battle but you definitely won’t win the war. Delaying puddings used to be thought of as a good idea too, but guess what? That doesn’t work either. “No pudding until you have finished your main course” was the standard line when most parents of today were young and is still commonly used, but it only makes sweet things seem more desirable.

#2015 6월
Dear Ms. Mattie, Thank you very much for offering me the research engineer position at ABC Company. However, after a great deal of thought, I have decided not to accept the position. Your company has an excellent reputation as a research institution and has many aspects that are very attractive to me. Unfortunately, I cannot accept your offer because I have decided to pursue another opportunity. Once again, thank you for your consideration. Very truly yours, Christine Mahoe
Obviously, one of the judgments the public has of us is whether or not our telephone service is good. Technically, if they get their calls through, efficiently and promptly, they get what they want. That, however, is not all they want. They want to have the service rendered to them in a manner that pleases them; they want not only efficiency but courtesy and consideration; and they are in a position to get what they want. They are in the driver’s seat; they are paying the bills; and an understanding of that fact is a real and fundamental basis of public relations. In order, therefore, for a great company to satisfactorily serve the public, it must have a philosophy and a method of doing business which will allow and insure that its people serve the public efficiently and in a pleasing manner. 
On the path to excellence, some obstacles may initially seem overwhelming. Every performer experiences this feeling, even the greatest performers in the world. If you believe that the obstacles are too great to overcome, you will prove yourself right even when you are wrong. Most seemingly impossible obstacles can be overcome by seeing possibilities, focusing on what is within your control, taking the first step, and then focusing on the next step and the next step after that. If your commitment becomes weak, remember your dream and why it is important to you, find simple joys in your daily pursuits, rejoice in the little victories or small steps forward, and embrace the process of ongoing learning. With a positive perspective and persistence, you will get through and find a way through all obstacles.
For many years now, mediated entertainment such as TV and film has been able to stimulate our optical and auditory senses with sights and sounds. Some forms of new media, however, even engage our senses of touch and smell. The view the wearer of some special device sees is projected on the screen behind him. Wearers become immersed in the computerized scene and use the gloves to pick up and move simulated objects. Many virtual reality games and rides now allow audiences and players to feel sensations of motion and touch. New media may also include aromas, such as Disney’s “Soaring Over California” attraction at the California Adventure theme park, where audiences smell orange orchards and pine forests while enjoying a simulated hang-gliding experience across the countryside. Makers of emerging forms of entertainment will likely continue to experiment with ways they can simulate and manipulate reality by stimulating our senses.
Recently, researchers have suggested that the purpose of laughter is not just to communicate that one is in a playful state, but to actually induce this state in others as well. According to this view, the peculiar sounds of laughter have a direct effect on the listener, inducing positive emotional arousal that mirrors the emotional state of the laugher, perhaps by activating certain specialized brain circuits. In this way, laughter may serve an important biosocial function of coupling together the positive emotions of members of a group and thereby coordinating their activities. This would explain why laughter is so infectious; when we hear someone laughing, it is almost impossible not to feel cheerful and begin laughing too.
An ant turns right, left, and moves ahead over a sandy hill. How can we explain the complexity of the path it chose? We can think up a sophisticated program in the ant’s brain, but it does not work. What we have overlooked is the ant’s environment. The ant may be following a simple rule: get out of the sun and back to the nest. Complex behavior does not imply complex mental strategies. The same holds for humans. The apparent complexity of a man’s behavior over time is largely a reflection of the complexity of the environment in which he finds himself. People adapt to their environments much as gelatin does; if you wish to know what form it will have when it solidifies, study the shape of the mold that holds the gelatin. To understand behavior, one has to look at both the mind and the environment.
When someone asks us, “How does that work?” or “Why does that happen?” we tend to answer the question directly if we know the answer. After all, it is efficient. Another person asks a question; we provide the answer to the question. It is usually a win-win. The problem with this is that the direct approach can have an unintended consequence: the loss of confidence. Although the question wanted for an explanation, what the asker received was a statement of fact. Why does oil float on top of water in a glass? Relative density. What causes climate change? Increased CO2 in the atmosphere. Why does the ocean have tides? The moon. Giving direct, accurate, and factual answers may seem to solve the problem from the perspective of the answerer. But in reality, it can shut the asker down. A statement of fact with no other context puts the burden on the asker to take the next step. If the asker isn’t familiar with relative density or CO2, he or she is likely to move on rather than ask a follow-up question or probe for related ideas. Any hope of becoming a customer of that idea is lost. This is a failure in the form of a lost opportunity. Although direct answers are often needed and well-placed, they do not work universally. A skilled explainer learns to see the intent behind the question and formulate an answer that focuses on understanding instead of efficiency.

#2014-B 6월
In the nineteenth century, a decisive moment occurred when people in advertising and journalism discovered that if they framed their stories and appeals with fear, they could capture our attention. It is an emotion we find hard to resist or control, and so they constantly shifted our focus to new possible sources of anxiety: the latest health scare, the new crime wave, and endless hazards in the environment of which we were not aware. With the increasing sophistication of the media and the haunting quality of the imagery, they have been able to give us the feeling that we are fragile creatures in an environment full of danger― even though we live in a world infinitely safer and more predictable than anything our ancestors knew. With their help, our anxieties have only increased.
In the past, many public-sector recreation providers allowed people free access or charged for permits to control the amount or season for different recreational activities such as fishing or horse-riding. However, governments and other public agencies are finding that funding to maintain sites and facilities, to cope with increased demand on the landscape, is becoming difficult to maintain. Opportunities to charge visitors for appropriate services to help compensate for these costs are being considered as one solution. This is a sensitive matter, as free access for all people to the outdoors is a much cherished right. There is also an additional dilemma for public agencies where recreation facilities are already provided from public money, and it could be argued that the taxpayer is being charged twice. Thus, care is needed by public bodies to ensure that charges are only made for services that are clearly additional to the provision of free access.


#2014-A 6월
Dear Mayor Johnson: I’m a long-time resident of Pinewood, and I’m really concerned about the traffic problem in my neighborhood. The traffic has been increasing for the past three years, and I’ve seen many near-accidents. I feel the intersection at Burton Road and 3rd Street is very dangerous because there aren’t any traffic lights. The city should consider installing traffic lights as soon as possible. I believe that this issue affects the safety of every driver or pedestrian who uses that intersection, so it deserves immediate attention. Nothing is as important as our citizens’ safety, so fixing this issue should be made a top priority. I would appreciate your sincere consideration. Best regards, Laura McPherson
Everyone would like to assume that their wonderful, creative ideas will sell themselves. But as Galileo, Edvard Munch, Toni Morrison, Sylvia Plath, and millions of others have discovered, they do not. On the contrary, creative ideas are usually viewed with suspicion and distrust. Thus, students need to learn how to persuade other people of the value of their ideas. This selling is part of the practical aspect of creative thinking. If students do a science project, it is a good idea for them to present it and demonstrate why it makes an important contribution. If they develop a plan for a new form of government, they should explain why it is better than the existing form of government.
What do you think can make you a good tennis player? Suppose there are two different tennis pros giving you tennis lessons. The first pro says things like “good shot” and “good swing” all the time to encourage you. The second one says “good swing” only when you make a good swing. If just hearing “good swing” gives you a reward, then you will prefer the first instructor. But if what you want is to get better at tennis, you will prefer the second instructor. That’s because the second instructor’s feedback to you is much more informative than the first one’s. You’re not after “good swing” rewards; you’re after a better tennis game. So feedback that simply makes you feel great will not help you develop tennis skills in the long run.
In much of Europe, many businesses close during the month of August when people go on vacation. Most Europeans believe this is time that they should spend with family or engaging in personal activities. The French, in particular, value their vacation time and prefer not to work overtime. They enjoy the longest vacations of any country in the world; French law states that employees must receive a minimum of five weeks of vacation a year. German companies appear to be moving in this direction as well. Despite the extended free time, people of both France and Germany are very productive when they work. To Europeans, their vacation time seems valuable.
Because the Internet is free space where anybody can post anything, it can be full of all sorts of useless data. As a result, organized knowledge could easily get corrupted or lost in a sea of junk data. For books, there are various filters that help readers distinguish between reliable and unreliable information. On the Internet, the relation between the producer and the consumer of information tends to be direct, so nothing protects the consumer from polluted information. There are, of course, advantages to the free exchange of information, and I do believe any producers of data should have the freedom to make them available online. However, I am also convinced that users should be protected from corrupt knowledge by intermediary services. There need to be some forms of guides and filters provided by responsible individuals and organizations. Otherwise, we may no longer be able to distinguish between the intellectual space of information and a polluted environment of meaningless data. Thus, reliable intermediary services will be needed in the future.

#2013 6월
I have always been a huge fan of Redbug Cameras. However, when I purchased your newest model, the Superimage 2000, I could not have been more disappointed. I acquired it on June 3rd of this year and it does not function correctly. The camera lens does not focus properly and the resulting photos are blurry and unclear. I went to the local service center to get it repaired, but the poor service I received there only complicated the problem. I am extremely frustrated with the poor quality repairs that were made in addition to the overall inferior quality of the camera. I insist on receiving a full refund. Enclosed is a copy of the original receipt and the repair bill.
To require perfection is to invite paralysis. The pattern is predictable: as you see error in what you have done, you steer your work toward what you imagine you can do perfectly. You cling ever more tightly to what you already know you can do―away from risk and exploration, and possibly further from the work of your heart. You find reasons to delay, since to not work is to not make mistakes. Believing that your work should be perfect, you gradually become convinced that you cannot do it. (You are correct.) Sooner or later, since you cannot do what you are trying to do, you quit. And in one of those little ironies of life, only the pattern itself achieves perfection―a perfect death spiral: you misdirect your work; you stall; you quit.
A man standing on the street corner selling “nonbreakable” pens suddenly finds that the one he is demonstrating with breaks in half. He stops for a moment, turns to the crowd, and declares, “Now I’ll show you what the inside looks like.” Laughter can turn any disadvantage into an advantage. People who know this not only look for some positive aspect in their misfortunes but actually go one step further. After their initial shock, they gather their resources, overcome their problem, and see opportunities where most of us fail to see them. Moreover, many who have experienced a major loss often go on to achieve remarkable feats in spite of their hardships, because they focus on what they can gain from their circumstance rather than on what they have lost. They believe in the old cliché that every cloud has a silver lining, and they actively seek the advantage in their disadvantage.
What everyday rules for behavior guide parents’ efforts to socialize their toddlers and preschool-age children? To answer this question, Gralinski and Kopp observed and interviewed mothers and their children in these age groups. They found that for fifteen-month-olds, mothers’ rules and requests centered on ensuring the children’s safety and, to a lesser extent, protecting the families’ possessions from harm; respecting basic social niceties (“Don’t bite”; “No kicking”); and learning to delay getting what they wanted. As children’s ages and cognitive sophistication increased, the numbers and kinds of prohibitions and requests expanded from the original focus on child protection and interpersonal issues to family routines, self-care, and other concerns regarding the child’s independence. By the time children were three, a new quality of rule emerged: “Do not scream in a restaurant, run around naked in front of company, or pick your nose.”
Ancient Greek and Roman costume is essentially draped, and presents a traditional stability and permanence. While it received certain fashions over the centuries, it never underwent any major transformation. Léon Heuzey, the pioneer of the study of classical costume, set forth with exemplary clarity its two basic principles: the first is that Classical costume has no form in itself, as it consisted of a simple rectangular piece of cloth woven in varying sizes according to its intended use and the height of the customer, without differentiation between the sexes; the second is that this cloth is always draped, never shaped or cut, and was worn round the body in accordance with definite rules. Thus it was always fluid and ‘live.’ It is notable that we find no evidence in Classical times of tailors or dressmakers: the word itself barely exists in Greek or Latin.
The streets of New York are home to numerous trucks, vans, stands, and pushcarts all selling food. Most of the vendors are immigrants bringing street versions of the world’s diverse food traditions to this already international metropolis. You can snack on Jamaican goat patties, sample Chinese noodles, take a bite of Egyptian falafel, or enjoy vegetarian Sri Lankan curry. New York even has an annual award ceremony, the Vendy Awards, for the best sidewalk chefs. Part of the fun is tracking down the best offerings. Trucks and vans often visit different areas of New York on different days; some chefs operate only at certain times of day or only on weekends. Even stands with regular spots and hours occasionally vanish, as the owner finds a better spot or takes a week off. Follow the crowds, or ask locals for information―hotel doormen will often let you into the secrets of a neighborhood’s best vendors.
Fourteenth-century approaches to music had a profound and continuing impact on music in later centuries. Perhaps most significant was the invention of a precise and unambiguous notation that could record a wide variety of rhythms and allowed music to be distributed in writing and performed accurately wherever it went. We now take this for granted when we play from notation and sight-read through unfamiliar music, but it was a remarkable innovation in the fourteenth century. Among its effects was that composers could fix their music exactly as they wished it to be performed, leading them to take pride in authorship. The increased interest in the individual and in satisfying the human senses that was characteristic of the age grew stronger in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries and has remained important ever since.
All art is creation, regardless of how closely the imitation approximates the original. Even the most rigorous attempt to create an absolute likeness is ultimately selective. Doing a portrait, for example, the artist may ask the subject to look serious, not smile― selecting a certain aspect of the person. We know Mona Lisa Giaconda, the subject of the most famous portrait in the world, through her mysterious smile; but we will never know what the entire person was like. The treasure of art, however, is that its reality lives forever. The final product is really an addition to reality, not simply a way of totally reproducing it. The artist always contributes something new, something that never was put together in precisely that way before. Leonardo’s Mona Lisa is not Mona Lisa. The latter has long since gone to her reward; the former will never die.
All his life, Chris Greicius dreamed of becoming a police officer. But there was a major obstacle standing in his way. He had leukemia and was not expected to make it to adulthood. When he was seven years old, Chris’s disease got worse. That’s when a family friend, Tommy Austin, arranged for Chris to come as close as he could to living his dream. He called Officer Ron Cox and arranged for Chris to spend a day with some police officers. When the day arrived, Chris was welcomed by three squad cars and a police motorcycle ridden by Officer Frank Shankwitz. Then, he was treated to a ride in a police helicopter. The officers finished the day by swearing Chris in as the first ―and only―honorary state trooper. The next day, Cox presented Chris with an official Arizona Highway Patrol uniform. With a smile that lit up the room, he accepted it. Two days later, Chris died in the hospital, his uniform close at hand. Shankwitz was very sad, but grateful that he had helped Chris. He also realized that there were many other children like Chris. That prompted Shankwitz to co-found the Make-A-Wish Foundation. It has now become the largest wish-granting organization in the world, enlarging the experiences of more than eighty thousand children.

#2012 6월
This is an official notice from KGM, the largest manufacturer of digital cameras in the world, regarding the rules of KGM’s Big World Competition. First, anyone over the age of 18 is eligible, with the exception of professional photographers. Second, all photographs must be taken using a KGM camera. Third, the size of your image file cannot exceed 100 megabytes. Finally, entries must be uploaded to our website no later than July 25, 2011. Failure to comply with any of the above rules will disqualify the entry. A list of winners will be posted on the website on August 15, and all winning pictures will be displayed at the KGM gallery for a period of one year.
A way to get things done more efficiently and get better results is to do the right thing at the right time of day. Know your own body rhythm, respect your internal clock, and pay attention to how your energy level ebbs and flows during the day. If you have lots of energy early in the morning, that is when you should schedule difficult activities, whether for you these are brainstorming, writing, or practicing. Use the same principle in planning activities for your team. Schedule intervals of productive time and breaks so that you get the most from people. I always ask people to respect their own body rhythms when scheduling appointments. In my experience, most people are far more productive in the morning, but there are those who differ and hit their stride later in the day.
While in Japan, I ordered green tea with sugar at a restaurant. A waiter politely explained that one does not drink green tea with sugar. I responded that I was aware of this custom but I liked my tea sweet. The waiter took up the issue with the manager. After a lengthy conversation, the manager came over and said, “I’m very sorry. We don’t have sugar.” Disappointed, I changed my order to a cup of coffee, which the waiter soon brought over. Resting on the saucer were two packets of sugar. My failure to obtain a cup of sweet green tea was due to a fundamental difference in our ideas about choice. In America, a paying customer has every right to have a request met. But from a Japanese perspective, it is their duty to protect those who do not know any better.
After a stressful day, how do you wind down and clear your mind? Relaxing in a comfortable chair, putting on some soothing sounds, and reading something light and entertaining are all good methods to get ready for some restful sleep. But as you ease your exhausted senses, do not forget your sense of smell. Certain aromas can fill you with feelings of tranquility, and research has found that lavender, vanilla, and green apple are among the best smells to help lower anxiety and induce sleep. You can use essential oils of these scents by applying them to the back of your neck or the inside of your wrist. Even better, indulge in a warm bath with these oils dissolved in the water. Before bed, you might enjoy a glass of hot soy milk with natural vanilla flavoring for a calming effect inside and out.
Here is a surprise for you: Being happy means that you realize that there are times that you will be unhappy and recognize that life sometimes stinks. What is uplifting in those times is appreciating life and facing the challenges that come with it, realizing that you are facing challenges fellow humans have also faced. We are not saying you should lower your expectations for your so-called perfect life or downsize your goals; we just believe that if you can align your expectations  with reality a little more by expecting to face challenges, you will be better off in the end. There is an interesting biological reinforcement for this notion, too: Your levels of C-reactive protein (a marker of damaging inflammation) have been shown to be higher when you have expectations that are unattainable.
The Greek philosopher Socrates observed, “The unexamined life is not worth living.” For most people, however, reflection and self-examination do not come naturally. As much as any other kind of thinking, reflection requires solitude. Distraction and reflection simply do not mix. It is not the kind of thing you can do well near a television, while the phone is ringing, or with children in the same room. One of the reasons I have been able to accomplish much and keep growing personally is that I have not only set aside time to reflect, but I have separated myself from distractions for short blocks of time: thirty minutes in the spa; an hour outside on a rock in my backyard; or a few hours in a comfortable chair in my office. The place does not matter⎯as long as you remove yourself from distractions and interruptions.
Virtuoso violinist Pinchas Zukerman was giving a master class to a group of young artists who had come to the Aspen Music Festival from all over the world. The auditorium was filled with aspiring artists, distinguished teachers, and well-known performers; the atmosphere was competitive and electric. As each performer played, Zukerman offered friendly advice and encouragement, invariably picking up his own violin to demonstrate finer points of technique. The last musician performed brilliantly. When the applause subsided, Zukerman complimented the artist, then picked up his own violin, tucked it under his chin, paused a long moment, and then, without playing a note or uttering a word, he placed the instrument back in its case. The audience responded with deafening applause, in recognition of this master musician who could pay so gracious a compliment.
Whenever you stand on a scale in your bathroom or place a melon on a scale at the grocery store, you are measuring weight. An object’s weight is the force exerted on it by gravity, usually the earth’s gravity. When you stand on a bathroom scale, the scale measures just how much upward force it must exert on you in order to keep you from moving downward toward the earth’s center. As in most scales you will encounter, the bathroom scale uses a spring to provide this upward support. If you are stationary, you are not accelerating, so your downward weight and the upward force from the spring must cancel one another; that is, they must be equal in magnitude but opposite in direction so that they sum to zero net force.
Behavioral evidence for separate types of taste receptors comes from studies of the following type: Soak your tongue for 15 seconds in a sour solution, such as unsweetened lemon juice. Then try tasting some other sour solution, such as dilute vinegar. You will find that the second solution tastes less sour than usual. Depending on the concentrations of the lemon juice and vinegar, the second solution may not taste sour at all. This phenomenon, called adaptation, reflects the fatigue of receptors sensitive to sour tastes. Now try tasting something salty, sweet, or bitter. These substances taste about the same as usual. In short, you experience little cross-adaptation―reduced response to one taste after exposure to another. Evidently, the sour receptors are different from the other taste receptors. Similarly, you can show that salt receptors are different from the others and so forth.
My sister, Tara, was the quiet one in the family. She was not as adventurous as my brother and I. She never excelled at school or sports. Of course, I loved my sister, but, at times, that was not so easy to do. She seldom made eye contact with me. When we ran into each other at school, she sometimes pretended not to recognize me. One day, my father’s job forced us to move to a new neighborhood. The nurse at our new school, Emerson, gave us ear and eye exams, our first ever. I aced the tests ―“Eagle eyes and elephant ears,” the nurse said―but Tara struggled to read the eye chart. She declared Tara severely shortsighted and she had to get glasses. When the glasses were ready, we all went downtown to pick them up. The first time she tried them on, she kept moving her head around and up and down. “What’s the matter?” I asked. “You can see that tree over there?” she said, pointing at a sycamore tree about a hundred feet away. I nodded. She sobbed, “I can see not just the branches, but each little leaf.” Tara burst into tears. On the way home, she kept seeing for the first time all these things that most everyone else had stopped noticing. She read street signs and billboards aloud. She pointed out sparrows sitting on the telephone wires. At home, Tara insisted that I try on her glasses. I put them on, and the world turned into fuzzy, unfocused shapes. I took a few steps and banged my knee on the coffee table. It was at that very moment that I truly understood Tara for the first time. I realized why she did not like to go exploring, or why she did not recognize me at school. Tara loved seeing the world clearly. Not long after she got her glasses, she decided she wanted to be an artist. She started compulsively drawing and painting all the wondrous things she was discovering. Her first painting of the sycamore tree is still her favorite. Today, she is an art teacher at Emerson, where she tries to bring the best out of each individual student.

#2011 6월
I have seen people who are very good at their jobs but are poor at presenting themselves and, hence, do not convince the audience of their capabilities. Presentation is so crucially important and will make the difference between getting a sale or not. Some people are naturally good presenters, but brushing up on your skills in this area will prove profitable. There are lots of courses available that are good. Try Think Business where courses are cheap or even free. The ABC Marketing Institute also offers very good presentation skills courses. A good course will help you structure your presentations and improve your own personal style. I would recommend one that films you while you are presenting and then gives a critique of your style.
Every writer is starting from a different point and is bound for a different destination. Yet many writers are paralyzed by the thought that they are competing with everybody else who is trying to write and presumably doing it better. This can often happen in a writing class. Inexperienced students are chilled to find themselves in the same class with students whose articles have appeared in the college newspaper. But writing for the college paper is no great credit; I have often found that the hares who write for the paper are overtaken by the tortoises who move studiously toward the goal of mastering the craft. The same fear hangs around freelance writers, who see the work of other writers appearing in magazines while their own keeps returning in the mail. Forget the competition and go at your own pace.
One of the most potentially productive trends in education today is the focus on interdisciplinary studies: teaching math as it applies to science, for example, or relating the various humanities. This applies to art education, too. If we trivialize art and remove it from the core of a mainstream education, we not only deny our students full access to one of humankind’s most profound experiences, but we miss countless opportunities to improve their grasp of other subjects as well. Moreover, we deny students access to an extremely useful kind of training and a productive mode of thought. We should also consider that the more legitimately we weave art into the fabric of the general curriculum, the better our students will understand the important role art plays in culture.
Our love for another person pulls us out of ourselves and lifts our thoughts to a grander scale: How can I make the world better for this person? When I was young, the only love I experienced was the immature, selfish love of “I love her because she makes me feel good.” Now I think about the woman I love in terms of what she wants. I want to make her happy because I cannot be happy when she is unhappy. We discover that the act of giving true love is more powerful than getting the hug you need―if we can get over our own hunger for love, then we have reached the state of pure love, of being connected to a larger ideal, bigger than our own individual life.
Science, of course, is an indispensable source of information for the contemporary writer. It is, furthermore, a necessary part of his highly technological environment. Thus it is also an inevitable component of his sensibility and a decisive, even if often unrecognized, component of his creative imagination. But science is not in itself an elemental well-spring of literature. Even the most refined and precise research data are only raw materials which may or may not become literature. For whatever becomes a work of art of any kind does so as a result of an act of creation, an act of artistic composition, an act involving the art of make-believe. Scientific statements or remarks as such, even when they are valid, reliable, and comprehensive, are not literature.
One of the common mistakes that employers make is looking at a team of employees as a homogeneous group that rises and falls together. Offering incentives, such as a group bonus or a vacation trip, to a team as a whole is not a smart managerial move because it fails to acknowledge who an individual is. For example, sending an entire team to Hawaii for a job well done actually discourages an employee’s efforts to do his best work. He only needs to perform well enough to help achieve the team objective. If, on the other hand, the employee knew that individual rewards were possible, he would be more likely to strive to outperform expectations. While teamwork is important within a corporation, management should come up with new compensation packages to help individuals to become champions.
Many theatergoers have been offered lots of good plays including West Side Story, The King and I, and Dracula for several decades. However, they have hardly ever seen new works recently because many producers have avoided making a new play. Part of the reason may be the tremendous cost of making a new production these days. It is true that many producers asked to invest a few hundred thousand dollars in a production have preferred a play of proven merit and past success to a new, untried play. That sounds like a reasonable excuse but, in fact, this practice can lead to an undesirable situation. Unless new plays are given a chance today, there will be nothing to revive in the future.
If you compare a walnut with some of the beautiful and exciting things that grow on our planet, it does not seem to be a marvelous creation. It is common, rough, not particularly attractive, and certainly not of much value. Besides, it is small. Its growth is limited by the hard shell that surrounds it―the shell from which it never escapes during its lifetime. Of course, that is the wrong way to judge a walnut. Break one open and look inside. See how the walnut has grown to fill every corner available to it. It had no say in the size or shape of that shell. However, given those limitations, it achieved its full growth. How lucky we will be if, like the walnut, we blossom and bloom in every aspect of the life that is given us. Take heart! If one nut can do it, so can you.
If someone were to say “Life is a cup of coffee,” it is unlikely that you would have heard this expression before. But its novelty forces you to think about its meaning. The vehicle used, a cup of coffee, is a common object of everyday life and therefore easily perceivable as a source for thinking about that life. The metaphor compels you to start thinking of life in terms of the kinds of physical, social, and other attributes that are associated with a cup of coffee. For this metaphor to gain currency, however, it must capture the fancy of many other people for a period of time. Then and only then will its novelty have become worn out and will it become the basis for a new conceptual metaphor: life is a drinking substance. After that, expressions such as “life is a cup of tea, life is a bottle of beer, life is a glass of milk,” will become similarly understandable as offering different perspectives on life.
Sometimes, someone saying you can’t do something is good for you. It builds mental toughness and conviction. I often tell people, “Anyone with young children will tell you, if you ask them not to do something, they’re guaranteed to do it.” The following story is an example of how my dad used this to his (and ultimately my) advantage. As a child I wasn’t particularly academic or ambitious, and certainly didn’t work very hard at my studies. It wasn’t until I was coming to the end of the eleventh grade―and facing the prospect of leaving school without any sense of what I wanted to do as a career―that I decided to apply to the local college to pursue further study. Feeling pleased with myself for having made this monumental decision, I proudly announced my plan to my dad. His immediate reaction was to say, “You’ll never do that. They’ll never accept you.” I was so annoyed and upset by his response that I worked tirelessly for the remainder of the school year. In those critical few months I worked so hard that I ended up winning three awards at the end of year prize-giving. The best part was being able to tell my dad that I’d been awarded a place at college. On hearing this news, he simply lowered his newspaper and, with a smile, said, “Well done, I always knew you would.” At that moment, I realized what he had done by ‘discouraging’ me. This was my first experience of ‘reverse psychology.’ Some people might say it’s a risky strategy, but it has certainly worked for me. It has been extremely valuable in my life, giving me the confidence, determination and motivation to succeed, even when the odds are stacked against me. Now as a father myself, I sometimes use the same technique to motivate my own son. Often enough, he ends up with favorable results. I just hope one day he also realizes that I had his best interests in mind. 

#2010 6월
Sometimes all a good cheese needs to stop it from going bad is a sympathetic ear. Researchers in France have come up with an ultrasonic sensor that will listen to cheese as it matures and warn cheese makers of defects. Cheese makers have to downgrade up to one-fifth of their produce because of undetected faults. If the new device works well, that problem could be reduced. The technique involves sending a low frequency ultrasonic signal through the cheese to a sensor at the other side. By measuring the change in the speed and size of the emerging signal, the moisture and porosity of the cheese can be mapped. 
Nobody likes performance reviews. Employees are nervous they will hear nothing but criticism, and bosses are nervous their direct reports will respond defensively. So people generally keep their mouths shut. That is unfortunate because most employees need help figuring out how to improve their performance and advance their careers. Also, it can be harmful to the company if a lack of clear feedback leads to undesirable work behaviors. There is a way to avoid this problem. Managers can help employees learn adaptive techniques ―like acknowledging negative emotions and reframing fears and criticisms constructively―to prevent destructive responses. Once people are comfortable asking for feedback, they will begin to see how they are doing relative to management’s priorities, and their work will be more in line with organizational goals.
Composers describe their private world through the use of sound. Making such a description concrete and detailed requires not just inspiration but certain practical tools and skills. No matter what style of music you write, you need to understand dynamics and speed, the uses of harmony and rhythm. You also need to know the range and capabilities of instruments, the possibilities of the human voice, and the problems of acoustics. You need to be able to devise a blueprint that communicates to your musicians what it is you want to hear. A young composer who takes a shortcut in this technical training in his rush to play the role of a composer will dry up very fast. If you learn the proper techniques, then the passion, if it is genuine, will come through.
Clients send a steady stream of clues and messages through their facial expression, body movement, and voice pitch. Counselors need to learn how to read these messages without distorting or overinterpreting them in order to establish and maintain relationships with their clients. For instance, when Denise says to Jennie, “It seems that it’s hard for you to talk about yourself,” Jennie says, “No, I don’t mind at all.” But the real answer is probably in her nonverbal behavior, for she speaks hesitatingly while looking away and frowning. Reading such clues helps Denise understand Jennie better. Our nonverbal behavior has a way of ‘leaking’ messages about what we really mean. The unplanned nature of nonverbal behavior contributes to this leakage even in the case of highly defensive clients.
Sweeping statements have been made about the effect of clothing on the behavior of a child. It has been said that a child who is better dressed is better behaved, and that a child who is dressed like a cowboy is louder than he is when dressed in ordinary clothes. Clothing, however, might have a temporary effect on the behavior of the child, but not a lasting effect. That is, we would predict that a child who was dressed in his best clothes and whose mother stressed that they were ‘best’ would be better behaved for a short period, but by the end of the hour the child would have forgotten his clothes and would be acting as he would in old clothes. Likewise, the child who is dressed in a cowboy outfit might be very noisy while playing cowboys for a brief time, but he might soon change to another activity and be no more noisy than usual.
A study found that enrollment in physical education classes was not related to academic achievement scores, but involvement in vigorous physical activity was. Students who engaged in vigorous activity outside of school at least 20 minutes per day, three days per week, were found to have higher academic scores. Students in the physical education class spent an average of only 19 minutes out of a 55-minute class engaged in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity. Given that this amount and intensity of activity in physical education classes had no correlation to students’ academic achievement, whereas there was a significant association between academic achievement and vigorous activity outside of school, the researchers propose that there may be a certain minimum level of activity necessary to produce the potentially desirable effects.
The tragic heroes in Shakespeare’s plays have free will. They possess their own defects of character that bring their downfalls. Macbeth is ambitious but weak; Othello is jealous; Hamlet cannot make up his mind―but all three might have made themselves into better human beings. Nothing outside themselves prevents them from taking the right path as opposed to the wrong, or tragic, path. On the other hand, for the heroes in Greek tragedies where fate embodied in the oracles prevails, there is no free will. The gods control a man’s destiny, and one cannot fight the gods. Regardless of their strength or wisdom, the heroes cannot control their own future. That is why the heroes in Greek tragedies can be compared to fish in the net. 
The descriptions of sound production have been rewritten in this edition so as to update the theory on which they were based and to provide better practical advice regarding pronunciation problems. Several figures have been redrawn in order to achieve greater accuracy and clearer detail. The authors have tried to eliminate traces of gender-biased attitudes wherever they were detected, and a definite attempt has been made to balance female and male references. The most significant kind of change in the new edition, however, is the result of the effort we have made to introduce more use of language for real communicative purposes in the learning activities suggested for students to carry out.
The introduction of the player piano in the United States at the turn of the 20th century had been accompanied by fairly critical comments. Player pianos produced music mechanically through a set of instructions stored on a music roll. Although proponents of the player piano such as piano manufacturers and publishers of sheet music thought that it would lead to ‘an almost universal music education,’ many music teachers, musicians, and composers opposed it. Opponents claimed that one could copy sound, but not interpretation, and that mechanical instruments reduced the expression of music to mathematical systems. For this reason, they believed that mechanized music lessened the ideal of beauty by ‘producing the same after same, with no soul, no joy, no passion,’ and that the introduction of the player piano would lead to the disappearance of amateur players.
It was spring and some 6th grade boys at a suburban elementary school were fooling around on the playground. They had discovered a great new trick. One of them would kneel down behind someone and the other would push the person over. The trick worked perfectly with Anna. She fell over with ease. She was hurt and crying. In the process she had broken her wrist. The yard duty staff sent the shaken boys to the principal. The principal began by saying that she understood that they were playing and had not meant to cause serious harm, but that, in fact, they had. She explained that the girl would have to wear a cast for weeks and now lots of ordinary things would be more difficult for her. She pointed out that the girl played the flute and would now not be able to play in the spring concert. By the time she finished, the boys were in tears and very sorry for what they had done. The principal also suspended the boys for a day, explaining to them that even though she knew they were sorry and had not meant to cause such harm, she believed suspension was necessary to signal to everyone in the community the seriousness of the situation. On their own, the boys brought the girl flowers and apologized for hurting her.

#2009 6월
Welcome and thank you for joining the dining club. Our club offers a unique dining experience. You will be trying food from all over the world, but more importantly, you will have the chance to experience each country’s dining traditions and customs. In India, for example, they use their hands to eat. If you are used to using forks and knives, you may find this challenging. In France, dinners have many courses, so make sure to schedule enough time for the French meal. In Japan, they don’t eat their soup with a spoon, so you have to drink directly from the bowl. These are some of the things you will experience every Saturday evening until the end of August. We hope you will enjoy your dining adventure.
It is around the age of ten or eleven that most children take on music as a real interest. By the age of eighteen or twenty, most people form their tastes for music. We seek out different kinds of music, and the choice of music has important social consequences. We listen to the music that our friends listen to. In search of our identity, we form bonds or social groups with people whom we want to be like. As a way of externalizing the bond, we listen to the same kind of music, and music becomes a mark of personal and group identity and of distinction.
In recent years, knitting has become increasingly popular with the younger generation. Why are so many young people taking up knitting as a hobby? Knitting is skill-oriented with the chance for them to take on increasingly harder challenges and to get intense satisfaction from accomplishing them. And in today’s world, where teenagers are looking for unique ways to express themselves, handmade clothes and accessories can be a smart, creative way for them to express their individual personalities. Despite what most people believe, many of today’s kids have longer attention spans than we think; and they are passionate about creating not just personal websites, but also attractive, useful knit products that mark their presence in the world.
Sometimes you work as hard as you can on something, and it doesn’t work out. I usually persist longer than most people would in a similar situation―which is why I often succeed where others have failed. I also know that sometimes you have to throw in the towel. I remember one project I spent weeks working on at my architecture firm. I spent many late nights trying to perfect my design, but it just wasn’t coming together. I finally realized that I had to start over from scratch. Maybe you have failed in similar situations, but you probably learned something valuable. Add it up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge! 
The high level of euro-skepticism in Greece has brought a number of misunderstandings. It is commonly thought that the launch of the euro, Europe’s single currency, brought about an increase in the cost of living and this has affected the public’s overall opinion toward the European Union. The rise in prices is unquestionable but it is wrong to blame it on the introduction of the common currency. This is, firstly, because inflation existed before the euro and, secondly, because one cannot say where prices would stand today if the drachma was still in circulation. Therefore, high prices must be attributed to market distortions. The real problem is not the euro currency but the profiteers who are left unchecked.
Most people believe that intelligence plays the key role in children’s academic achievement. A recent study, however, found that the ability to self-regulate―to pay attention to a task and control impulsive behavior―was more important than intelligence for early academic success. Clancy Blair, who led the study, said that children need to be provided with self-regulating activities to decrease impulsiveness and instant satisfaction and to promote attention and awareness of their own and other’s thoughts and feelings. Parents are advised to engage their children in activities that involve taking turns, paying attention for sustained periods, and giving incentives for thoughtful responses.
We offer lengthy scientific explanations as answers to children’s questions, when a direct experience of something similar or an image that can live and work in their imagination would be much more satisfying to them. Rational explanations are like giving a hungry child stones instead of bread. A well-known early childhood educator points out that when young children ask questions like “Why does the sun shine?”, they are really asking about purpose rather than mechanics. They are much more nourished by an answer like “To keep us warm and to make the grass and the flowers grow” than a lecture on the relationship between heat and other forms of energy.
The air just above a glass contains molecules that are layered like a cake. At the top are the lightest scents of flowers, then the fruity ones, then the mineral and earthy smells; and finally, at the bottom the heaviest scent elements, wood and alcohol. A good glass does not allow these elements to be mixed up in a disorderly way. Golf-ball-size cups are just too small to concentrate the wine’s scents. They are like seats too close to the orchestra: all you hear are isolated sounds from the instruments, rather than the harmony that comes together farther back. The glass doesn’t change the wine itself, but rather the way we smell and taste it. Some glasses are like loudspeakers: their shape and volume increase a wine’s natural qualities.
Charles Wilson was asked how his experience as president of a large company could apply to the presidents of small companies. Wilson answered that when he was just a boy he worked for a dairy filling milk bottles. The bottles were all different sizes. Working in the dairy he learned that no matter what size the bottle was, the cream, the best part of milk, always came to the top. You can learn the same lesson. It doesn’t matter what size company you work for; you can always be the cream. To become the cream, continue to learn throughout your life, be open to new ideas and be aware of what is going on in the world which will affect you. You will rise to the top.
The gym teacher walked into the room, and recognized that I had been fighting with Matt. He sent us out to the running track. He followed us with a smile on his face and said, “I want both of you to run the track holding each other’s hands.” The class captain erupted into a roar of laughter, and we were embarrassed beyond belief. Hesitantly, my enemy and I started running. What had earlier been fists were now linked in a strange handshake. At some point during the course of the obligatory mini-marathon that both of us felt anger about, I remember looking over at the large person beside me. His nose was still bleeding a bit. Tears filled his eyes. His giant body slowed him down. Suddenly it struck me that here was a person, not all that different from myself. I guess my unwilling partner thought the same thing because we both looked at each other and began to laugh. In time, we became good friends. I no longer saw the big figure in the same light. Instead of the dull boy who I had hated for a long time, here was someone like me, the human being who had internal value and worth far beyond any externals. It was amazing what I had learned from being forced to run hand-in-hand with someone. For the rest of my life I have never raised a hand against another person.

#2008 6월
Sometimes promises made in good faith can’t be kept. Even though we strive to be error-free, it’s inevitable that problems will occur. Not everything that affects your customer’s experience with you is within your control. What should you do when the service promise is broken? When you discover a broken promise or have one pointed out to you, the first thing to do is to apologize. Don’t waste time blaming yourself, your company, or your customer. Admit that something has gone wrong, and immediately find out what your customer’s needs are.
In the United States, some people maintain that TV media will create a distorted picture of a trial, while leading some judges to pass harsher sentences than they otherwise might. However, there are some benefits connected to the televising of trials. It will serve to educate the public about the court process. It will also provide full and accurate coverage of exactly what happens in any given case. Therefore, it is necessary to televise trials to increase the chance of a fair trial. And, if trials are televised, a huge audience will be made aware of the case, and crucial witnesses who would otherwise have been ignorant of the case may play their potential role in it.
In World War II, some musicians offered to play for the entertainment of wounded soldiers. They were surprised to see that their performances achieved more than they had expected at first: a diversion from the boredom and routine of hospital life. Their performances resulted in a lessening of depression, greater socialization among the patients, and increased emotional expression. Since then, music has come to be recognized as a practical and productive way to improve physical, emotional, and mental conditions. 
Man has built his world: he has built factories and houses, he produces cars and clothes, he grows grain and fruit, and so on. But he is not really the master any more of the world he has built; on the contrary, this man-made world has become his master, before whom he bows down, and whom he tries to please as best he can. The work of his own hands has become his master. He seems to be driven by self-interest, but in reality he has become an instrument for the purposes of the very machine his hands have built.
One of the most important aspects of human communication is that past experiences will affect your behavior. Even when you start to discuss some event with your friends, you may soon discover there are differences in your perceptions. What you think boring your friends may find exciting; what you consider pointless they may find meaningful. The messages you receive may be the same for each of you. Yet, each person experiences a variety of feelings and sensations, because each has a unique personality and background. Each of you brings different backgrounds to the event and, as a result, each attributes different meanings to the shared experience. 
The family is an easy target for those who regard ‘bad people doing bad things’ as the basic cause of social problems. They assume that when the family fails, the rest of society fails. This view of the world is defective in two fundamental respects. First, it does not consider the fact that families reflect social conditions. Second, it ignores the structural reasons for family breakdown and the profound changes occurring throughout the world. Even in very different societies, families are going through similar changes as a result of global economic changes. This phenomenon shows the fact that families cannot avoid social influences on their everyday lives.
The zoologist and specialist in human behavior, Desmond Morris, says that the reason people start to walk like each other is that they have a subconscious need to show their companions that they agree with them and so fit in with them. This is also a signal to other people that ‘we are together, we are acting as one.’ Other studies suggest that we adopt the mannerisms of our company as well, especially our superiors, such as crossing our legs in the same direction as others. An example often given is when, in a meeting, the boss scratches his nose and others at the table then follow him without realizing it.
It is evident that humans tend to exploit natural resources to benefit themselves. It is equally evident that the use of natural resources without restoring them will eventually lead to their destruction. There are two extreme positions on the issue. Some people maintain that human dominance in nature is a natural process, and as the dominant species humans have the right to exploit all other species. Other people recognize humans as the only one among the living organisms that can change its behavior to preserve other species. They believe that humans have the moral obligation to protect all other forms of life. 
While we’re walking or traveling, we normally spend less than a second looking at everyday objects that we encounter. The days pass by us without our really being aware of them. Scientists have discovered that the average time we spend looking at things has been steadily decreasing during the last 50 years. In their study, they also discovered that this decrease leads to a lack of interest and enjoyment in life. Just try looking at objects for at least five seconds. Good opportunities for this exercise come when you’re walking or looking out of a car or train window. You’ll find that five seconds is long enough to help you appreciate things from a new point of view.
A short time ago some builders, working on a studio in Connecticut, left a huge square of plate glass standing upright in a field. A sparrow flying swiftly across the field struck the glass and was knocked out. He woke and went to his club, where an attendant bandaged his head. “What happened?” asked a seagull. “I was flying across a meadow when all of a sudden the air crystallized on me,” said the sparrow. The seagull, a hawk, and an eagle all laughed heartily. A crow listened gravely. “For fifteen years, I’ve flown this country,” said the eagle, “and I assure you there is no such thing as air crystallizing. Water, yes; air, no.” “You were probably struck by a hailstone,” the hawk told the sparrow. “Or he may have had a stroke,” said the seagull. “What do you think, crow?” “Why, I think maybe the air crystallized on him,” said the crow. The large birds laughed so loudly that the sparrow became annoyed. And then the sparrow bet each of them ten worms that they couldn’t follow the course he had flown without encountering the hardened atmosphere. They all took his bet; the crow went along to watch. Later, the seagull, the eagle, and the hawk decided to fly together over the route the sparrow indicated. “You come, too,” they said to the crow. “I..., I..., well, no,” said the crow. “I don’t think I will.” So, the three large birds took off together. And they hit the glass together and were all knocked out.

#2007 6월
We appreciate your giving us the opportunity to inspect your copier. Our service representatives found two problems contributing to the copier’s breakdown. Firstly, it is apparently being used for a slightly higher volume of copying than it was built for. Secondly, there are indications that a number of people in your department are not properly closing the cover before copying documents. These two factors have caused the failure of many mechanical parts. Although we are not prepared to offer you a replacement copier as you requested, we would be happy to take the damaged one as a trade-in on another larger capacity copier.
The Douglas Academy has continued to develop. After three years of continuing academic achievements, we successfully introduced Chinese, Spanish and French into the curriculum, along with other new courses, to keep the academy vital and to meet better the students’ needs in this age of globalization. We also recruited outside supporters who gave financial and other types of aid to help us carry out these new programs. We want students to spend most of their time in the academy, since many students do not have quiet places to study, ready access to tutors, or recreation areas in which to play sports or to take part in other activities.
Imagine how nice it would be if you had a whole extra hour in the morning to do some things you’ve been waiting to do, like taking a walk. Adding an extra hour to the day, especially if you use it to do something other than work, is an effective way to relieve stress and to give yourself the feeling of having much more time and energy throughout the day. This may mean going to bed an hour earlier, but having an extra hour in the morning is so much more productive than staying up an hour later at the end of the day.
A man who had been a poor shepherd in his early years became a very wealthy, respected diplomat, and he was appointed as an ambassador to a country in Africa. In his residence near the embassy, he had one room known as “the shepherd’s room.” In that room were reproductions of hills, valleys, running streams, rocks, barns and fences for the sheep. Here were the sticks he had carried and the clothes he had worn as a shepherd when looking after the sheep. When asked one day the reason for this, he replied, “If ever my heart is tempted to arrogance and pride, I go into that room and remind myself of what I once was.”
This morning I had a longing for some orange juice. I knew there must be some in the refrigerator since my roommate went shopping yesterday. I took an orange- labeled can out of the refrigerator and made myself a glass. When I tasted it, it was strange. I spat it out in the sink since I was sure that it was spoiled. I decided that I might as well take it back to the grocer’s and get our money back. I fished the can out of the garbage and looked at the label. To my surprise, it said, “Tangerine Juice.” I couldn’t believe it. I tasted some of the juice left in the glass and...it was good tangerine juice!
Goya painted some of his finest portraits around the time when he married in 1805. Because of his deafness, the artist was largely reliant on the gestures of those he was communicating with; he could make himself understood in sign language with only a few of his closest friends and relatives. This undoubtedly contributed to his sensitivity as a portrait painter. Spanish portrait painting had long been characterized by a high degree of naturalism. Goya, however, combined a sharp-sighted perception with his freer, open technique of painting. This provided his portraits with an unusual degree of animation, as though a smile had briefly flashed across a sitter’s face a moment before, or the sitter had just moved.
A wise man will cultivate a servant’s spirit, for that particular attribute attracts people like no other. As I humbly serve others, their wisdom is freely shared with me. Often, the person who develops a servant’s spirit becomes wealthy beyond measure. Many times, a servant has the ear of the king, and a humble servant often becomes a king, for he is the popular choice of the people. He who serves the most grows the fastest. I will become a humble servant. I will not look for someone to open the door for me; I will look to open the door for someone. I will not be distressed when no one is available to help me; I will be excited when I am available to help someone.
It has been said that a weed is “any plant growing in the wrong place.” Yet with a small shift in perspective we can change this definition to “a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.” Many weeds are edible and medicinal. They also increase biodiversity, provide valuable information about the condition of our land, or can bring up valuable nutrients from the subsoil to the surface, where they eventually become available to other plants. Those plants that we call weeds are often beneficial.
A group of researchers measured the performance of amateur cyclists who engaged in 30-second sprint sessions three times a week for two weeks. The results were astonishing. By the end of the trial, riders who once barely lasted 30 minutes at top speed could cycle at full speed for almost an hour. What changed? Experts don’t know for certain, but most think the gains had something to do with some muscle fibers. “These lie inactive until you’re running to save your baby from a speeding car,” said one of the researchers. He added, “Short, intensive training should be uncomfortable. In just a few weeks, however, your fitness level will go through the roof.”

#2006 6월
Starting August 1st, 2005, you will closely follow the activities of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). You will help and advise in the preparation of international meetings. You will also write analytical papers about issuesregardinginternationalfinancialmarkets.We expect you to have completed your university studies with a doctoral degree in economics. Experience in analytical economic methods and the ability to work efficiently will also be required. This is an interesting opportunity to work with a competent and experienced team.
Certain discoveries in genetics, in brain surgery, and in many other areas can be misused causing great damage to humanity. This is unavoidable as long as industrial and military organizations are free to make use of new theoretical discoveries. These organizations must not be allowed to determine the application of scientific research. This will require a control board, whose permission would be necessary for the practical application of any new theoretical discovery. Needless to say, such a control board must be legally and psychologically independent of industry, the government, and the military.
Employers may not accept the idea of telecommuting. They may feel a loss of control over employees who work at home. Besides, employers often believe that the best work gets done when people work with other people. Face-to-face meetings are not possible with telecommuters. Meetings on the phone are not the same. The subtle message of body language gets lost in phone conversations. It is also not possible to solve problems that need immediate attention. The biggest problem, in fact, may be trust. Can an employer trust the employee to do his or her work without a manager watching?
Since a basic vocabulary of 2,000 words, the core vocabulary, plays such an important role in English, some people have suggested that acquiring it will allow you to understand 80 or 90 percent of everything that you hear or read in English. In fact, things are more complicated than that. What actually happens is that with a vocabulary of 2,000 words, you can understand everything you see or hear a lot of the time, but other times you won’t understand anything at all. It depends on what kind of situation you are dealing with. The core vocabulary will allow you to deal with a large number of ordinary everyday situations, but once you leave these predictable situations, you will find it hard to get by with only a restricted vocabulary. 
Much of the culture of Alaska’s Natives disappeared with the great plagues prior to the 1950s. The educational system also discouraged Native arts and culture. In recent decades, however, there has been a significant revival of interest in Native culture. Now there exist new training programs for the declining Native languages. Even with the many cultural and economic obstacles, very significant elements of Native life remain and are getting stronger in Alaska.
We have all experienced events that might be considered extraordinary. Perhaps you were cleaning out a closet and found a gift from someone you hadn’t spoken with in years; then an hour later, unexpectedly that person rings you on the phone. Can such moments be attributed to mere coincidence? Of course they can, but on closer examination they can also prove to be glimpses of the miraculous. Each time we have an experience like this, we can choose to think nothing of it, or we can recognize it for the potentially life-changing event it may prove to be. I have been fascinated by the role that coincidence plays in guiding and shaping our lives.
It is natural that people will always want to have holidays. And holiday areas will always want to have tourists around. Consequently, this has resulted in a rapid rise in tourism over the last thirty years. More and more people are taking holidays. Most people are now better off than in the past and have more money available for holidays. People also have more leisure time and the length of their annual holidays has increased. In addition, places have become more accessible as transportation improvements have made travel faster, easier, and cheaper. 
The great innovation in the development of costume in Europe after the mid-fourteenth century was the abandonment of the long flowing costume common to both sexes. Costume then became short for men and long for women and buttoned or laced. This development led to the disappearance from everyday wear of an ancient form inherited over several thousand years. It also represented a first step towards modern costume. Around 1350, this change began to spread throughout Europe.
Sometimes parents are surprised to realize that teenagers don’t seem to understand the connection between hard work and success. Certainly the images of success as depicted in the media rarely show the years of struggle and practice that musicians, actors, or athletes engage in before their instant successes. Impressionable teens may well see the final product and imagine that success really can happen overnight. Often they don’t know the long story of struggle and persistence behind the success.

#2005 6월
Thank you for taking time to discuss with me both my career goals and the needs of your organization. I appreciate your offering me a position as a receptionist. Unfortunately, I must decline your offer at this time. As I mentioned when we met, I am eager to put my newly acquired travel agent skills to work and would like to begin as an assistant travel agent. I am, nevertheless, sad that we will not be working together. I hope you will understand my decision. 
Distance learning has recently become prominent in the field of further education. However, much about the processes and the participants involved is yet to be fully understood. Although new technologies give educational institutions access to new students, they provide little meaningful information about those students. Despite the fact that the prime focus has been placed on the role of technology in distance learning, experienced educators insist that technology in itself is not as important as other factors. Instead, they identify learner motivation, teacher responsiveness, and the accessibility of study materials, as being of greater importance in the distance learning context.
With all of the recent changes, it is surprising that newspapers are doing as well as they are. Though more people are watching television and reading magazines, local papers are still in business. They work hard to meet local interests and needs, reporting local news and sports and showing pictures that are of local interest. Local papers also include something that newspapers still do best－advertising. Newspaper advertising has increased in the last few decades, especially local advertising and “classified” or private and personal advertising. Many people read local newspapers, especially for the advertisements of local products and businesses.
Even the advent of technology has not changed the fact that we are biological creatures ruled by our biological clocks. We are not alone in this. Our basic instinct to sleep each day to recharge our physical batteries is shared by animals and plants in various ways. The owl, for example, sleeps during the day and hunts at night, while some flowers can be observed to close when the sun goes down. Just like them, we need to follow our natural demands and respect our biological clocks. Whether we like it or not, we are controlled by, rather than in control of, natural forces.
Most of us, it seems, would simply prefer things to remain the same－the present situation looks more appealing. We are afraid of rocking the boat. Accordingly, the present day, with all its faults, is generally more reassuring than a doubtful future. Yet it is clear to me that we are living in a period of rapid change and that during such periods we become especially prone to feelings of nostalgia and fear of change. Reminding ourselves of “the good old days” offers a convenient way for us to cling to some fantasy of order and control, but it is no more than that. 
Patients often ask me, “Why is everything I enjoy bad for me?” Well, that’s not necessarily true, although it often seems that way. For example, you may eat all the chocolate you like as long as your body can stand the extra calories. Do you like eggs? If your cholesterol level is normal, you may have three, four or even five eggs a week. People react differently to cholesterol in the diet. In some, it raises the blood levels, while in others, it does not. So, if you love eggs and chocolate, eat some. Just don’t go overboard. 
The picture storybook is an invitation to begin reading. It is a primary source of involvement, offering a way for the young child to approach a book, to visualize a story, and to revisit the story. The tellers of these tales create stories that can be easily remembered and appeal to young children by means of text and illustrations. These mutually supporting elements are often seen as separate aspects, each telling the tale in its own way. This has given rise to the name “twice-told tales.” However for the young child, there is no separation of text and pictures, which are as interdependent as the lyrics and melody that make up a song. Children, unlike adults, view both as vital to the meaning of the story. When a child is undecided about whether she likes the illustrations or the text better, therefore, we can be sure that a good match has been achieved. The best picture books thus contain words and pictures which complement each other and are dependent upon each other to the point that one would be ineffective without the other.

#2004 6월
It’s frustrating. You’re excited about the work you’ve just completed on your computer. You start to print. And suddenly it happens. You run out of ink. To make matters worse, when you take the empty color cartridge out of the printer and shake it, you can still hear ink inside. Although only one color has run dry, the whole cartridge is now useless. Obviously, throwing away unused ink translates into wasted money. Well, the good news is that we recently introduced a system whereby each color is separated into individual ink tanks. They’re called “Eco Tanks” and they dramatically reduce a printer’s running costs.
How can young people without power and resources help to solve social problems? Youngsters learn by digging in and finding out what the issues are all about. And by being informed, they can influence adults through direct action. In fact, given an opportunity, young people many times have brought their thinking about significant issues to the attention of public officials. Thanks to the actions of young people, historical sites have been saved, and several kinds of endangered plants and animals have been preserved.
People living along the coasts are familar with the rise and fall of the ocean’s surface. Tides result from the pull of the moon’s and the sun’s gravity on the earth. Although the moon is much smaller than the sun, it is much closer to the earth. It is the moon that has the greatest effect on the tides. The sun also influences the tides. However, it is so far away that it has less than half the pull of the moon. The combined pull of the moon and the sun determines the height of the tides.
The Celtic New Year was November 1. The night before was considered a special night when ghosts and witches roamed the earth. Ghosts and witches are still associated with Halloween. On the night before the Celtic New Year, people went from house to house begging for food. They wore masks so that the spirits returning from the dead would not recognize them. Today children still wear masks and trick-or-treat from door to door on Halloween. The Celts also carried lanterns to frighten away the spirits. They carved the lanterns from vegetables like potatoes. Now pumpkins hold lighted candles on Halloween. 
In Europe, two cars roll off the same assembly line at the same factory. The cars have identical features. The only difference is the name. One is called Koba; the other, Fasta. Despite their similarities, the Fasta sells for over US$2,000 more than the Koba, and actual sales are double. Do you know why? Because the Fasta brand was one European consumers had come to trust, they were willing to pay more. A brand name instantly makes the product more recognizable and more desirable. 
At the beginning of this decade, one-third of the doctors graduating from medical schools were women. Now the figure is around 40 percent. Women doctors will soon be in the majority in some specialties, and they are rapidly getting into traditionally male positions. This shifting balance in what has been considered a male profession is changing medicine in a number of ways. One can already see changes in medical education as the number of women professors in medical schools increases. 
The more heartless our community becomes, the less space we seem to have in our hearts for others. Nearly all the people you happen to meet in life merit your consideration. Many of them will be there to help you— to deliver your pizza, bag your groceries, and make you coffee. And millions more people, most of whom you will never meet, won’t help you, indeed can’t help you, and may not even be able to help themselves. They also deserve your respect. If you are not in the habit of being nice to all these people, then get in the habit now. 
Most people have great difficulties making their own decisions when they are not sure what to do. They often let close friends and relatives influence them through opinions. They even allow gossiping neighbors to express their thoughts for them. If you are influenced by the opinions of others whenever you reach decisions, you will not succeed in anything you do. Remember you have a brain and mind of your own. You should use it and reach your own decisions.

#2019 9월
Dear Ms. Burke, Thank you for your question about how to donate children’s books for our book drive. The event will take place for one week from September 10th to 16th. Books can be dropped off 24 hours a day during this period. There are two locations designated for donations: Adams Children’s Library and Aileen Community Center. At each location, there are blue donation boxes at the main entrance. If you are unable to visit these locations, books can be mailed directly to our organization. Your donations will help support children in our community who may not be able to afford books. We hope this information makes your donation easier. We appreciate your support. Best regards, Carrie Wells.
Life is hectic. Our days are filled with so many of the “have tos” that we feel there’s no time left for the “want tos.” Further, spending all our time with others doesn’t give us the ability to hit the reset button and relax. Leaving little to no time for ourselves or for the things that are important to us can lead to unmanaged stress, frustration, fatigue, resentment, or worse, health issues. Building in regular “you time,” however, can provide numerous benefits, all of which help to make life a little bit sweeter and a little bit more manageable. Unfortunately, many individuals struggle with reaching goals due to an inability to prioritize their own needs. Alone time, however, forces you to take a break from everyday responsibilities and the requirements of others so you can dedicate time to move forward with your own goals, meet your own personal needs, and further explore your personal dreams.
Consumers like a bottle of wine more if they are told it cost ninety dollars a bottle than if they are told it cost ten. Belief that the wine is more expensive turns on the neurons in the medial orbitofrontal cortex, an area of the brain associated with pleasure feelings. Wine without a price tag doesn’t have this effect. In 2008, American food and wine critics teamed up with a statistician from Yale and a couple of Swedish economists to study the results of thousands of blind tastings of wines ranging from $1.65 to $150 a bottle. They found that when they can’t see the price tag, people prefer cheaper wine to pricier bottles. Experts’ tastes did move in the proper direction: they favored finer, more expensive wines. But the bias was almost imperceptible. A wine that cost ten times more than another was ranked by experts only seven points higher on a scale of one to one hundred.
1950s critics separated themselves from the masses by rejecting the ‘natural’ enjoyment afforded by products of mass culture through judgments based on a refined sense of realism. For example, in most critics championing Douglas Sirk’s films’ social critique, self-reflexivity, and, in particular, distancing effects, there is still a refusal of the ‘vulgar’ enjoyments suspected of soap operas. This refusal again functions to divorce the critic from an image of a mindless, pleasure-seeking crowd he or she has actually manufactured in order to definitively secure the righteous logic of ‘good’ taste. It also pushes negative notions of female taste and subjectivity. Critiques of mass culture seem always to bring to mind a disrespectful image of the feminine to represent the depths of the corruption of the people. The process of taste-making operated, then, to create hierarchical differences between the aesthete and the masses through the construction of aesthetic positions contrary to the perceived tasteless pleasures of the crowd.
Radioactive waste disposal has become one of the key environmental battlegrounds over which the future of nuclear power has been fought. Environmentalists argue that no system of waste disposal can be absolutely safe, either now or in the future. Governments and the nuclear industry have tried to find acceptable solutions. But in countries where popular opinion is taken into consideration, no mutually acceptable solution has been found. As a result, most spent fuel has been stored in the nuclear power plants where it was produced. This is now causing its own problems as storage ponds designed to store a few years’ waste become filled or overflowing. One avenue that has been explored is the reprocessing of spent fuel to remove the active ingredients. Some of the recovered material can be recycled as fuel. The remainder must be stored safely until it has become inactive. But reprocessing has proved expensive and can exacerbate the problem of disposal rather than assisting it. As a result, it too appears publicly unacceptable.
As a couple start to form a relationship, they can be seen to develop a set of constructs about their own relationship and, in particular, how it is similar or different to their parents’ relationship. The couple’s initial disclosures involve them forming constructs about how much similarity there is between them and each other’s families. What each of them will remember is selective and coloured by their family’s constructs system. In turn it is likely that as they tell each other their already edited stories, there is a second process of editing whereby what they both hear from each other is again interpreted within their respective family of origin’s construct systems. The two sets of memories―the person talking about his or her family and the partner’s edited version of this story―go into the ‘cooking-pot’ of the couple’s new construct system. Subsequently, one partner may recall a part of the other’s story as a tactic in negotiations: for example, Harry may say to Doris that she is being ‘bossy―just like her mother’. Since this is probably based on what Doris has told Harry, this is likely to be a very powerful tactic. She may protest or attempt to rewrite this version of her story, thereby possibly adding further material that Harry could use in this way. These exchanges of stories need not always be employed in such malevolent ways. These reconstructed memories can become very powerful, to a point where each partner may become confused even about the simple factual details of what actually did happen in their past.

#2018 9월
Dear Teachers, We are pleased to introduce our company’s recently launched emergency training program for teachers. Our CPR class is the most common option for a school. We make it easy for teachers to participate in CPR training at a time to suit your school’s schedule. Our class offers you full life-saving expertise that you can then use to deliver vital support in emergencies. With the proper training, you will be able to perform CPR quickly and effectively and improve a sufferer’s chances of survival. To learn more about our CPR course offerings, please visit our website at www.thebestCPRedu.com.
Once you start to see praise for what it is―and what it does―these constant little evaluative outbursts from adults start to produce the same effect as fingernails being dragged down a blackboard. You begin to root for a child to give his teachers or parents a taste of their own treacle by turning around to them and saying (in the same saccharine tone of voice), “Good praising!” Still, it’s not an easy habit to break. It can seem strange, at least at first, to stop praising; it can feel as though you’re being chilly or withholding something. But that, it soon becomes clear, suggests that we praise more because we need to say it than because children need to hear it. Whenever that’s true, it’s time to rethink what we’re doing. What kids do need is unconditional support, love with no strings attached. That’s not just different from praise―it’s the opposite of praise.
People sometimes make downward social comparisons― comparing themselves to inferior or worse-off others―to feel better about themselves. This is self-enhancement at work. But what happens when the only available comparison target we have is superior or better off than we are? Can self-enhancement motives still be served in such situations? Yes, they can, as captured by the self-evaluation maintenance model. According to this theory, we shift between two processes―reflection and comparison―in a way that lets us maintain favorable self-views. In areas that are not especially relevant to our self-definition, we engage in reflection, whereby we flatter ourselves by association with others’ accomplishments. Suppose you care very little about your own athletic skills, but when your friend scores the winning goal during a critical soccer match, you beam with pride, experience a boost to your self-esteem, and take delight in her victory celebrations as if, by association, it were your victory too.
Some psychologists believe that insight is the result of a restructuring of a problem after a period of non-progress where the person is believed to be too focused on past experience and get stuck. A new manner to represent the problem is suddenly discovered, leading to a different path to a solution heretofore unpredicted. It has been claimed that no specific knowledge, or experience is required to attain insight in the problem situation. As a matter of fact, one should break away from experience and let the mind wander freely. Nevertheless, experimental studies have shown that insight is actually the result of ordinary analytical thinking. The restructuring of a problem can be caused by unsuccessful attempts in solving the problem, leading to new information being brought in while the person is thinking. The new information can contribute to a completely different perspective in finding a solution, thus producing the Aha! Experience.
When consumers lack adequate information to make informed choices, governments frequently step in to require that firms provide information. In the United States, we are all familiar with the mandatory nutritional information placed on food products. The Securities and Exchange Commission that monitors American stock markets forces firms to meet certain reporting requirements before their stock can be listed on exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange. Such reporting helps ensure that private investors have reliable information on which to base their investment decisions. Often, however, these regulations do not work adequately, as the Enron scandal in 2001 clearly illustrates. The oil trading company Enron had cooked its books to overstate its profitability in its mandated reports. One outcome of Enron’s subsequent financial collapse was the introduction of new regulations designed to improve the reliability of the information that companies must provide to the public.
The weakness of local networks lies in their self-containment, for they lack input as well as outreach. In a classic study of urban politics, Herbert Gans found that neighborhoods with the highest levels of solidarity often were unable to block unfavorable policies and programs for lack of ties to possible allies elsewhere in the city. It was for this reason that Gans referred to them as “urban villagers.” As the opposite of local networks, cosmopolitan networks offer little solidarity and have little capacity to comfort and sustain members. But members benefit from a constant flow of new information and from the great reach of their influence, even if it tends to be somewhat lacking in strength. Local networks tend to be small. In contrast, cosmopolitan networks can be huge. Thus, while the “urban villagers” lacked ties even to their local city government, cosmopolitan network ties often lead into the White House.
An ecosystem that is altered or damaged in some way will be out of balance with the biome for that area. For example, if the local biome is forest, but the trees have been removed from one area, then the ecosystem is out of balance. The natural tendency is for plant species to move into that area, bringing the ecosystem back towards the biome state. The spread of a species into a new area is called colonisation. It can happen naturally only if there are ecologically healthy ecosystems nearby to provide plant seeds. Once the vegetation has started to recover, insects, birds and other animals will travel into the newly regenerated area. These processes of ecological colonisation can be supported by environmental management. For example, we are currently seeing important changes in the way agriculture is carried out in Britain. Rather than just maximising food production, farming is becoming more environmentally friendly, with the support of financial subsidies. This new approach increases biological diversity by conserving hedges and the wildflowers, insects, birds and other animals that live on the land. A proportion of agricultural land is left completely uncultivated so that species can gradually colonise it. This provides a habitat for a wider range of species. Leaving some farmland as set-aside is also a way to decrease overall production when that is economically desirable. Note that set-aside land is more permanent than fallow land, which is usually left for only a year. Colonisation is a slow process, taking place over years or even decades.

#2017 9월
Dear Organizer, My name is Cathy Cameron. I’m writing in regards to the “Boston Red Sox Baseball Trip” for the game with the Yankees taking place on Saturday, September 3rd. Unfortunately, I have just become aware that your company’s limit of 53 people for registration has already been reached. However, I would really appreciate it if you could allow my son to register additionally. He is a big fan of the Red Sox, and this trip would make a great surprise gift for his birthday. If there is any way that he is able to join the trip, I would be very grateful. I’m sure it would give him the perfect birthday. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Yours sincerely, Cathy Cameron
My barely-five-year-old son couldn’t go to bed one night until he wrote “I love you Mom” on a piece of paper. Pajamas on, red crayon in hand, he was very determined. A few mixed-up letters, a couple of crumpled papers, and some help from Daddy later, he handed me his heart on the page. Then, finally, he relaxed enough to fall asleep. Sometimes, saying how you feel just isn’t enough. Spoken words are invisible and untouchable. Write it down, however, and you can see it, feel it, hold it, keep it forever. Although we may think it, we can’t really give someone our heart. But by writing, we can give someone our heart on a page. A love note is a piece of paper that is a little piece of your heart. Teach your child how to write love notes, and I promise you will have many, many happy returns.
One of the most demanding, and at the same time inspiring, aspects of translating for children is the potential for such creativity that arises from what Peter Hollindale has called the ‘childness’ of children’s texts: ‘the quality of being a child― dynamic, imaginative, experimental, interactive and unstable’. The ‘unstable’ qualities of childhood that Hollindale cites require a writer or translator to have an understanding of the freshness of language to the child’s eye and ear, the child’s affective concerns and the linguistic and dramatic play of early childhood. Translating sound, for example, whether in the read-aloud qualities of books for the younger child, in animal noises, children’s poetry or in nonsense rhymes, demands imaginative solutions―as indeed does working with visual material. Such multi-faceted creativity has, at times, placed children’s literature at the forefront of imaginative  experimentation.
From an evolutionary perspective, fear has contributed to both fostering and limiting change, and to preserving the species. We are programmed to be afraid. It is a survival need, as is stability, which is another force of nature that can limit the capacity to change. Stable patterns are necessary lest we live in chaos; however, they make it difficult to abandon entrenched behaviors, even those that are no longer useful, constructive, or health creating. And fear can keep you from changing when you don’t want to risk a step into unknown territory; for example, some people choose not to leave an unfulfilling job or a failing relationship because they fear the unknown more than the known. On the other hand, fear can also motivate change in order to avoid something you’re afraid of, such as dying young―as one of your parents might have.
A strategic vision has little value to the organization unless it’s effectively communicated down the line to lower-level managers and employees. It would be difficult for a vision statement to provide direction to decision makers and energize employees toward achieving long-term strategic intent unless they know of the vision and observe management’s commitment to that vision. Communicating the vision to organization members nearly always means putting “where we are going and why” in writing, distributing the statement organizationwide, and having executives personally explain the vision and its justification to as many people as possible. Ideally, executives should present their vision for the company in a manner that reaches out and grabs people’s attention. An engaging and convincing strategic vision has enormous motivational value― for the same reason that a stone mason is inspired by building a great cathedral for the ages.
In science one experiment, whether it succeeds or fails, is logically followed by another in a theoretically infinite progression. According to the underlying myth of modern science, this progression is always replacing the smaller knowledge of the past with the larger knowledge of the present, which will be replaced by the yet larger knowledge of the future. In the arts, by contrast, no limitless sequence of works is ever implied or looked for. No work of art is necessarily followed by a second work that is necessarily better. Given the methodologies of science, the law of gravity and the genome were bound to be discovered by somebody; the identity of the discoverer is incidental to the fact. But it appears that in the arts there are no second chances. We must assume that we had one chance each for The Divine Comedy and King Lear. If Dante and Shakespeare had died before they wrote those works, nobody ever would have written them.
Three composers attended a show at the Café Concert des Ambassadeurs. There they heard performances of a song written by one of them and a sketch written by the other two. After the performance, the three refused to pay their bill, telling the owner of the café: ‘You use the products of our labour without paying us for it. So there’s no reason why we should pay for your service’. The case went to court, and the composers won on appeal. The decision extended an existing law on theatrical performances to all musical works and all public performance of those works. This decision created a new category of legal right―the performing right―and with it a new economic relationship between music user and copyright owner. As a result of the decision, these composers and others including music publishers founded a society to enforce and administer their performing rights. In doing so, they established the principle and practice of the collective administration of rights, based on the fact that―with the possible exception of opera performances―it was impossible for a single composer or publisher to monitor every use of his or her work by singers, bands, promoters or, in the twentieth century, broadcasters. Accordingly, the new society was entrusted with the task of monitoring music use, issuing licences to music users, negotiating fees, collecting fees and finally distributing the money raised to the composers and songwriters whose works were adding value to other people’s businesses.

#2016 9월
Dear Supporter: I am writing to ask you to financially support the Marine Biodiversity Preservation Campaign. Global marine biodiversity is increasingly endangered, and coral reefs are among the most threatened marine environments on Earth. This is particularly true for the reefs in the Coral Triangle Region. With your donation, we can preserve fragile coral reefs around the world. For more information on how to donate, please visit www.marinebio.org/reefs. Thank you. Sincerely, Braulio Ferreira
Merely having goals clearly defined is not sufficient, for one must also know, moment by moment, what precisely needs to be done. For instance, a salesperson’s aim is to conclude a sale profitably. However, each sale requires a different approach: Should he be pushy or laid back, authoritative or friendly? And what aspect of the product should he emphasize? The answers to these questions depend on variables that cannot be predicted in advance. This holds true not only for sales but also for most human activities. One must select a particular strategy appropriate to the occasion and follow the chosen course of action. Doing so will ensure more lasting success in reaching one’s goals.
There is strong research evidence that children perform better in mathematics if music is incorporated in it. It has been shown that mathematics is related with music in various known ways so much that not putting the relationship to good use in and out of school could only be to our disadvantage. Researchers at a Los Angeles school found that 136 second year elementary school pupils who learned to play the piano and read music improved their numeracy skills. This could be so since learning music emphasizes thinking in space and time, and when pupils learn rhythm, they are learning ratios, fractions and proportions. Other researchers investigated the ways in which first and third grade teachers could integrate music into their regular math classrooms. They concluded that music-math integrated lessons had positive effects on three mathematical ability areas of modeling, problem solving and application.
Do you have the emotional state of mind to become a leader? People pay close attention to a leader’s subtle expressions of emotion through body language and facial expression. Some emotions such as enthusiasm can quickly become contagious. Others, such as depression or discouragement, can drag down the entire organization. Leaders with positive emotional states of mind are like human magnets. People naturally gravitate to them and want to follow them. Such leaders inspire enthusiasm in their organizations and attract the best people to work for them. Conversely, leaders who emit negative emotional states of mind, who are irritable and bossy, repel people and have few followers.
Effective coaches prioritize. They focus on a single task instead of trying to multitask. They understand that multitasking is another way of saying you are going to complete several tasks, none of which are going to be very good. Yuhong Jiang, professor of psychology at Harvard University, points out that the brain isn’t built to concentrate on two things at once. It works more slowly if it tries to. Effective coaches focus on those things that need to get done and separate out everything else. Separating what’s important from what’s not important is prioritizing. Ineffective coaches fail to put the big tasks first. They either believe they have unlimited time, thinking that they will have more time tomorrow to get something done, or they underestimate how much time they really do have. They have no ability to estimate how long a task will take.
Certain species are more crucial to the maintenance of their ecosystem than others. Such species, called keystone species, are vital in determining the nature and structure of the entire ecosystem. The fact that other species depend on or are greatly affected by the keystone species is revealed when the keystone species is removed. It is in this sense that we should draw attention to fig trees. Different species of fig trees may be keystone species in tropical rain forests. Although figs collectively produce a continuous crop of fruits, fruit-eating monkeys, birds, bats, and other vertebrates of the forest do not normally consume large quantities of figs in their diets. During the time of year when other fruits are less plentiful, however, fig trees become important in sustaining fruit-eating vertebrates. Should the fig trees disappear, most of the fruit-eating vertebrates would be eliminated. Protecting fig trees in such tropical rainforest ecosystems is an important conservation goal because it increases the likelihood that monkeys, birds, bats, and other vertebrates will survive.
True understanding inevitably requires a knowledge of context. The proper way of understanding a beast in a zoo is a telling example. At the zoo, visitors may witness a great beast pacing behind the bars of its cage. They may observe and admire the creature, its amazing bone structure, and its magnificent coat. However, no matter how long visitors spend in front of that cage, they will never truly understand the beast. True understanding can only come from seeing the creature in its natural surroundings and, in turn, the ways in which its presence affects its environment. What is true of the mysterious beast in the zoo is also true of science. To fully understand science, it must be considered within the society in which it functions. Science is not conducted in a vacuum. It is embedded within a social fabric, and just as a flesh-and-blood beast influences and is influenced by its environment, so too do science and society mutually influence one another. Society, through ethical and economic constraints, exerts a powerful influence on what science accomplishes. At the same time, the results of science have profound, and sometimes unexpected, impacts on every human being on earth. Therefore, to make sense of science-related issues, it is critical to recognize the bidirectional relationship between science and society.

#2015 9월
If you’re one of the countless people whose mind and body have been overworked, you need a program that will give you a more positive and energetic life: the Health Management Program offered by the ABC Well-Being Institute. This program lasts for six weeks and consists of three different components: Daily Targets, Walking Plans, and Eating Plans. Each week, you’ll be advised by our health experts and introduced to new physical activity targets. Are you serious about improving your life immediately? Then, you can start by enrolling in our fantastic program today.
Everybody has moments of doubt about something or other from time to time; it is a natural process. The challenge is not to let those moments accumulate and affect your self-belief. You will always face the challenge of other people’s comments and opinion. There are people that you feel good being around and others you don’t. Some people give you positive energy because they believe in you. You feel it and you rise to the occasion. Others may always have a negative comment to make about what you are doing or talking about. Don’t let these comments rock your self-belief. Always question the person’s reason for the comment. If it is based on fact, you should listen; if not, then it is only their opinion. You will need to stay strong.
One reason many people keep delaying things they should do is that they fear they will do them wrong or poorly, so they just don’t do them at all. For example, one of the best ways to write a book is to write it as quickly as possible, getting your thoughts onto paper without regard to style. Then, you can go back to revise and polish your writing. If I only wrote when I knew it would be perfect, I’d still be working on my first book! Do you have a hard time relaxing if your house is a mess? Do you beat yourself up for making mistakes? I’ve got a simple message for you today: It’s time to let go of your perfectionism. It becomes a stumbling block that keeps you stuck.
Textiles and clothing have functions that go beyond just protecting the body. Dress and textiles alike are used as a means of nonverbal communication. Obvious examples would be the use of uniforms to communicate a particular social role and the modern white wedding dress Western cultures use to mark this rite of passage. Both types of clothing communicate important information nonverbally to the onlooker. The female wearing the white dress is about to be married and change her status and role in society. The person in the uniform has some specialized function in society, such as police officer, nurse, or soldier. Therefore, it can be said that clothing visually communicates information about group membership and functions as an identity marker.
Traditional consumption was not particularly thrifty. The concept of thrift emerged out of a more affluent money culture. In traditional societies where resources continued to be scarce, consumption was more seasonally and communally orientated. In years of bountiful crops people ate heartily, and in lean years they starved. People were not particularly motivated to produce more goods for stockpiling, as there was little incentive to do so where there was little security from raids. When times were good, celebrations of gluttony were held in the winter season when stocks could not be refilled. These rituals were more important than the potential hardships such celebrations might later bring, as they served to bind people together and distribute resources. Holiday rituals were typically structured around cultural practices such as song, dance, theater, and feasting, and took a great deal of time away from work.
Experts have found that reading classical texts benefits the mind by catching the reader’s attention and triggering moments of self-reflection. The brain activity of volunteers was monitored as they read classical works. These same texts were then “translated” into more straightforward, modern language and again the readers’ brains were monitored as they read the words. Scans showed that the more challenging prose and poetry set off far more electrical activity in the brain than the more pedestrian versions. Scientists were able to study the brain activity as it responded to each word and record how it lit up as the readers encountered unusual words, surprising phrases or difficult sentence structures. This lighting up lasts long enough to shift the brain into a higher gear, encouraging further reading. The research also found that reading the more challenging version of poetry, in particular, increases activity in the right hemisphere of the brain, helping the readers to reflect on and reevaluate their own experiences in light of what they have read. The academics said this meant the classics were more useful than self-help books.
Organisms must compete for resources not only with members of their own species, but with members of other species. When two species use the same resource and the resource is scarce, the species must compete just as if they were members of the same population. One of the two species usually turns out to be better at the competition. If two species eat exactly the same food, for example, one of the two will be better at catching it. Unless something interferes, the inferior competitor loses out and the competitively superior species takes over. When one species eliminates another by outcompeting it, it is called competitive exclusion. Sometimes a competitively superior species is prevented from excluding poorer competitors. Periodic disturbances such as severe storms, battering by drifting logs, or underwater landslides can reduce the population of a dominant competitor and give other species a chance. Furthermore, which species is competitively superior sometimes depends on the conditions. On rocky shores in tropical Hong Kong, for example, foliose (leaf-like) algae are the dominant seaweeds during the relatively cool winter. In the summer heat, these forms die out and are replaced by more resistant encrusting algae. Seasonal variation thus prevents either group from excluding the other, and there is a shifting balance between the competing species.

#2014-B 9월
Even when scientists are able to identify seemingly beneficial nutrients, they cannot always understand how those nutrients will operate in a real-life context, in the course of our daily meals. Fruits and vegetables are believed to help prevent cancer. Scientists have believed that it is the antioxidants in these foods that make the difference― compounds like beta carotene, lycopene, and vitamin E. Yet when these molecules were extracted from fruits and vegetables and made into supplements, they did not reduce cancer. The beta carotene supplement actually increased the risk of certain cancers. In other words, scientists thoroughly misunderstood the causes of complex events. They identified one element engaged in the process of nutrition without fully comprehending how the system as a whole truly functions. Nutritional scientists―pursuing the hot paradigm of isolating nutrients ―failed to see a multitude of links in the complex chain that leads to good health.
Artists create artistic works to get viewers to have certain kinds of experiences. But the intention to convey certain experiences to viewers is sometimes secondary to the intention to express the artistic imagination creatively. Consider actions generally for the moment. Think, for example, of people watching their favorite sporting team. Whether it is at an actual match or in a bar, at crucial periods in a game people tend to make gestures in anticipation or cheer in exhortation. They often want to convey their sense of urgency to the team, or people at the bar may want to show their disgust to others in the crowd. But they often express themselves in this manner without any thought for what others think or how they may respond. Actions we perform through which we intend to express our feelings, thoughts, and attitudes need not have any communicative intent for how others may respond. At least some works should be understood as the representation of just this kind of action.

#2014-A 9월
Hi, boys and girls! My name is Adam Burke. Are you interested in buying a special lunch bag to protect our environment? When I was in sixth grade, I noticed that many of my classmates carried paper lunch bags. I found out that from sandwich wrappers to disposable drink containers, the average school kid generates 65 pounds of lunch bag waste every year. To help kids cut down on lunch bag waste, I have invented a reusable lunch bag, which I am now selling on my website. It has handles and a front pocket. And the fabric is partially made from recycled plastic bottles. You will like it because you can fold it up and put it in your backpack. If you’d like to buy one, please feel free to visit www.myblog.com/aburke.
When people expect to see someone again, they are more likely to find that person attractive, regardless of the individual’s behavior, than if they do not have expectations of future interaction. The expectation of future interaction motivates people to look for positive qualities in someone so that they will look forward to future interactions rather than dread them, and increases the chances that people will find the individual attractive. Conversely, when people interact with someone whom they do not foresee meeting again, they have little reason to search for positive qualities. In fact, doing so may be depressing, given that they may not have the opportunity to get to know the person better in future interactions. Indeed, people are sometimes motivated to find negative qualities in individuals whom they do not expect to see again.
Lone animals rely on their own senses to defend themselves, but an animal in a group benefits by having a lot of other animals’ eyes, ears, and noses on the alert for danger. An animal in a group also has a smaller chance of being the unlucky individual picked out by a predator. In addition, a group of animals fleeing from a predator can create confusion. This makes it harder for a predator to focus on one animal to catch. A school of fish will split in two to avoid a predator and then quickly regroup behind it. A herd of zebras can become a dazzling display of black and white stripes, making it more difficult for a lion to see where one zebra ends and another begins.
If you are trying to decide among a few people to fill a position, take a look at their writing skills. It doesn’t matter if that person is a marketer, salesperson, designer, programmer, or whatever; their writing skills will pay off. That’s because being a good writer is about more than writing. Clear writing is a sign of clear thinking. Good writers know how to communicate. They make things easy to understand. They can put themselves in someone else’s shoes. They know what to omit. And those are qualities you want in any candidate. Writing is making a comeback all over our society. Look at how much communication happens through instant messaging and blogging. Writing is today’s currency for good ideas. Thus, it is essential to welcome people with good writing skills into your company.
Effective communication is vital to achieving wellness because our daily interactions with others are important factors in our emotional health. People who have developed a high degree of communication skills are more likely to have the potential for deeper bonds in their personal relationships than non-communicators. Perhaps the greatest communication satisfaction comes from our close relationships, which are the main source of our emotional health. Close relationships develop when two people can exchange emotional messages easily and effectively. Whether we develop effective communication skills that promote healthy interactions depends largely on how we learn to communicate. For example, interaction between parents and their children is often important in determining whether a child is shy or unafraid of interaction. Good parents listen to their children and allow them to talk about their fears and unhappiness. Children raised in households that foster communication find it easier to talk to others about their disappointments, fears, frustrations, and other emotions later in life. Such individuals find that they ultimately have better emotional health.

#2013 9월
Dear Mr. Johnson, I can’t tell you how sorry I was to learn that the flood caused almost total damage to your home. I can only imagine what a terrible loss it must be. The very prospect of losing everything and having to start all over again would be overwhelming for anybody. That is why I want to provide you with any assistance that I can. I have an extra bedroom that you are welcome to use. As your friends and neighbors join forces to support you in your time of need, I’m sure that everything will seem a little brighter with each new day. In the meantime, please take good care of yourself. With all good wishes, Richard Jackson
We often dismiss new ideas that could further our growth simply because they do not fit within the general framework of our preconceived notions and self-concepts. An enormous amount of time is spent simply reacting. It’s as if we are robots programmed to respond on cue to whatever demands the least time and attention, and disregard anything that requires putting in extra time and energy to think. We skim over the surface thoughtlessly. But we must acknowledge that thinking well is a time-consuming process. We can’t expect instant results. We have to slow down a bit and take the time to contemplate and meditate. It is the only path to a more meaningful and efficient existence.
Masks are too heavy to uphold indefinitely, and no matter how well you believe you are disguising yourself, others always know. The consequences are that you waste energy, sacrifice productivity, and lose people’s trust. In our study, all of the CEOs were concerned that dropping their masks would make them appear weak. In every case, however, the leader’s subordinates perceived the removal of the mask as an act of strength and courage. This, in turn, encouraged a culture where those subordinates did the same, creating a snowball effect. Some of the ways we helped the CEOs remove their masks were to actually name the masks, explore the significant personal and professional costs of upholding them, and ask the CEOs to reflect on the leader they most admired. At this point each of the CEOs was ready to rebuild a leadership identity based on values, strengths, and ambitions.
We sometimes encounter students who come to our offices and ask how they could have worked so hard but still failed our tests. They usually tell us that they read and reread the textbook and their class notes, and that they thought they understood everything well by the time of the exam. And they probably did internalize some bits and pieces of the material, but the illusion of knowledge led them to confuse the familiarity they had gained from repeated exposure to the concepts in the course with an actual understanding of them. As a rule, reading text over and over again yields diminishing returns in actual knowledge, but it increases familiarity and fosters a false sense of understanding. Only by testing ourselves can we actually determine whether or not we really understand. That is one reason why teachers give tests, and why the best tests probe knowledge at a deep level.
Hundreds of species of small fishes exist in well-defined social organizations called schools. Fish schools vary in size from a few individuals to enormous populations extending over several square kilometers. Schools usually consist of a single species, with all members similar in size or age. For small animals with no other means of individual defense, schooling behavior provides a degree of protection. Predatory fishes have less chance of encountering prey if the prey are members of a school because the individuals of the prey species are concentrated in compact units rather than dispersed over a much larger area. Moreover, once a predator encounters a school, satiation of the predator enables most members of the school to escape unharmed. Large numbers of fishes in a school may achieve additional survival advantages by confusing predators with continually shifting and changing positions; they might even discourage hungry predators with the illusion of an impressively large and formidable opponent.
Restoration assumes that one can recreate an artist’s original intent and product. At best, restorers’ and museum directors’ aesthetic preferences and historical theories drive restorations, for it is impossible to step outside one’s historical context. How can restorers be so sure that removing a layer of lacquer isn’t merely their subconscious attempt to refashion an artwork according to contemporary tastes? What’s “restorative” about that? The “restored” Sistine Chapel may look “authentic” today, but will it still look so when aesthetic and historical theories have changed? Surely the best approach with any great work of art is to simply leave it alone.
Your culture maintains an implicit “schedule” for the right time to do many important things; for example, the right time to start dating, to finish college, to buy your own home, or to have a child. This unspoken timetable provides you with a social clock, a schedule that tells you if you’re keeping pace with your peers, are ahead of them, or are falling behind. On the basis of this social clock, you evaluate your own social and professional development. If you keep up with the rest of your peers,then you’ll feel well adjusted, competent, and a part of the group. If you’re late, you’ll probably experience feelings of dissatisfaction. Although in some cultures the social clock is becoming more flexible and more tolerant of deviations from the conventional timetable, it still exerts pressure to keep pace with your peers.
Many of us believe that amnesia, or sudden memory loss, results in the inability to recall one’s name and identity. This belief may reflect the way amnesia is usually portrayed in movies, television, and literature. For example, when we meet Matt Damon’s character in the movie The Bourne Identity, we learn that he has no memory for who he is, why he has the skills he does, or where he is from. He spends much of the movie trying to answer these questions. However, the inability to remember your name and identity is exceedingly rare in reality. Amnesia most often results from a brain injury that leaves the victim unable to form new memories, but with most memories of the past intact.
Our romantic mistakes can always be undone these days, which you would think is a good thing. But the very reversibility of our romantic commitments has only worsened our problem because that also undermines our satisfaction with our choices. To see this, you only need to look at a study of a group of college students in a photography class. The students made a print of their two best photographs. They were then told that they could choose one of the photos but that the other would be kept on file as an example of their work. Then, the teacher added a twist. One group was told that their choice was final. Whatever they chose, they could not change their minds later. The other group was told that they could switch photographs if they changed their minds. In a survey taken later, students who were allowed to change their mind liked their photos less than the other students. Why this paradoxical result? According to one researcher, the brain has a kind of built-in defense system that works to make us satisfied with choices that cannot be undone. Despite thinking that we would like the freedom to change our minds, it appears that we are happier with our choices if we think they can’t be changed, which means we would be better off if we made romantic commitments more permanent and more difficult to break, rather than less.

#2012 9월
So, you’re ready to add a new member, a furry one, to your family. But now you have one more decision to make: What kind of dog should I get? Here are some tips to consider when choosing a dog that is right for you. First, pick a dog that fits your home. Bring a big one into your house only if you can give him a lot of space. Second, don’t buy a shaggy dog if you’re allergic. Getting a non-shedding dog is a good idea if you’re worried about loose hairs or your kids’ allergies. Third, pick a mild-mannered puppy that is likely to be more forgiving and protective of his little owners. Keep these in mind, and you’ll enjoy having the new member at home.
Effective leaders set the tone for the entire organization. It’s not a matter of knowing more than everyone else. There are plenty of leaders who are not the biggest experts in their companies. But it does mean working hard, something anyone can do. Be the first person to arrive at the workplace and be the last one to leave. If you can do that, you will already be light years ahead of most managers in the respect you will gain from your team members. Apply the same principle to all your routine activities. If you expect your sales force to make 50 calls each day, make 100 calls yourself. It is not rocket science. It is just basic ‘lead by example’ management. No one can really discredit leaders who are the hardest-working individuals in their organizations.
Some species seem to have a stronger influence than others on their ecosystem. Take away the sea stars along the northwest coast of the United States, for instance, and the ecosystem changes dramatically; in the absence of these sea stars, their favorite prey, mussels, takes over and makes it hard for other species that used to live there. Sea stars are known as keystone species, because as top predators they determine ecosystem structure by their eating habits. If you chop down an aspen tree by a beaver pond, not much will happen; but if you take away a beaver, a wetland might dry out, changing the kinds of plants that live there and the animals that rely on them. Because beavers exert their influence by physically altering the landscape, they are known as ecosystem engineers.
Despite the fact that ancient civilizations relied upon the apparent motion of celestial bodies through the sky to determine seasons, months, and years, we know little about the details of timekeeping in prehistoric eras. But wherever we turn up records and artifacts, we usually discover that in every culture, some people were preoccupied with measuring the passage of time. Ice-age hunters in Europe over 20,000 years ago scratched lines and made holes in sticks and bones, possibly counting the days between phases of the moon. Five thousand years ago, Sumerians in the Tigris-Euphrates valley had a calendar that divided the year into 30 day months, and the day into 12 periods. We have no written records of Stonehenge, built over 4,000 years ago in England, but its alignments show its purposes apparently included the determination of seasonal or celestial events.
Despite what you might think, luck isn’t a matter of fate or destiny, according to research by psychologist Richard Wiseman. Instead, it’s a result of the way lucky people think and act―which means that anyone can learn to be lucky! For instance, Wiseman found that lucky people always take notice of what’s going on around them and stay open to new experiences and opportunities. Meanwhile, unlucky people tend to be tenser and too focused on certain tasks, which stops them from noticing opportunities they aren’t explicitly looking for. So, next time you’re heading to a party, don’t go in with a goal in mind (no matter how much you want to attract someone). Instead, take things as they come and you never know what might happen. You could even make some awesome new friends.
In a study conducted by Karen O’Quinn and Joel Aronoff, participants were asked to negotiate with a seller over the purchase price of a piece of art. Toward the end of the negotiation, the seller made a final offer in one of two ways. Half of the time he said that he would accept $6,000, while the other half of the time he gave the same final price but also added a little humor (“Well, my final offer is $6,000, and I’ll throw in my pet frog”). Those few moments of attempted humor had a large effect, as participants made a much greater compromise in their purchase price when they heard about the frog. It seemed that the brief humorous comment momentarily put the participants in a good mood and encouraged them to be more giving.
The green revolution was a mixed blessing. Over time farmers came to rely heavily on broadly adapted, high-yield crops to the exclusion of varieties adapted to local conditions. Monocropping vast fields with the same genetically uniform seeds helps boost yield and meet immediate hunger needs. Yet high-yield varieties are also genetically weaker crops that require expensive chemical fertilizers and toxic pesticides. The same holds true for high-yield livestock breeds, which often require expensive feed and medicinal care to survive in foreign climates. The drive to increase production is pushing out local varieties, diluting livestock’s genetic diversity in the process. As a result, the world’s food supply has become largely dependent on a shrinking list of breeds designed for maximum yield. In short, in our focus on increasing the amount of food we produce today, we have accidentally put ourselves at risk for food shortages in the future.
About twenty years ago, Time magazine described a study by a psychologist of people who had lost their jobs three times due to plant closings. The writers were amazed by what they discovered. They expected the people being laid off to be beaten down and discouraged. Instead they found them to be incredibly resilient. Why was that? They concluded that people who had weathered repeated adversity had learned to bounce back. People who had lost a job and found a new one twice before were much better prepared to deal with adversity than someone who had always worked at the same place and had never faced adversity. It may sound ironic, but if you have experienced a lot of failure, you are actually in a better position to achieve success than people who have not.
A bumper sticker reading “Don’t Believe Everything You Think” is placed on the edge of the whiteboard in Greene’s office. It represents the underlying message of the book he is writing. An analogy carried throughout the book compares the moral brain to a camera with automatic settings for taking a picture of a mountain or an indoor portrait or a close-up of a flower, and manual settings for unusual conditions or when we want a nonstandard artistic effect. Greene believes emotions and intuitions are the auto settings for our morality while reasoning is the manual mode. We need our intuitions to make the millions of quick judgments that fill our lives from day to day or else we could not function. But they are not always trustworthy moral indicators, since they were set to handle problems deep in our evolutionary past and are often useless for the newer complexities of the modern world. We need to rely on our manual settings, the reasoning sections of our brain, for more complex or novel situations, Greene says.
The McDonald’s restaurants that are located across the United States ―and, increasingly, the world―have a significance that goes far beyond the convenience of quick hamburgers, milk shakes, and salads. As sociologist George Ritzer says, our everyday lives are being ‘McDonaldized.’ The McDonaldization of society does not refer just to the robotlike assembly of food. This term refers to the standardization of everyday life, a process that is transforming our lives. Want to do some shopping? Shopping malls offer one-stop shopping in controlled environments. Planning a trip? Travel agencies offer ‘package’ tours. They will transport middle-class Americans to ten European capitals in fourteen days. All visitors experience the same hotels, restaurants, and other scheduled sites. Efficiency brings dependability. You can expect your burger and fries to taste the same whether you buy them in Los Angeles or Beijing. Although efficiency also lowers prices, it does come at a cost. Predictability washes away spontaneity, changing the quality of our lives. It produces a sameness, a bland version of what used to be unique experiences. In my own travels, for example, had I taken packaged tours I never would have had the eye-opening experiences that have added so much to my appreciation of human diversity. For good or bad, our lives are being McDonaldized, and the predictability of packaged settings seems to be our social destiny. Our coming prepackaged society will be efficient, of course. But it also means that we will be trapped in the ‘iron cage’ of bureaucracy ―just as Weber warned would happen.

#2011 9월
I was pleased to receive your letter requesting a letter of reference for a Future Leaders scholarship. As your physics teacher, I can certainly speak highly of your academic abilities. Your grades have consistently been A’s and B’s in my class. Since this is the first semester that I have had you in class, however, I do not feel that I am the right person to provide information on your leadership skills. I would encourage you to request a reference letter from those teachers with whom you have had the most opportunity to demonstrate those skills. I am sure many teachers would be willing to provide letters for you. Good luck with your scholarship.
Comparing yourself with others is natural and can be motivational. However, too much of it leads to envy, especially if you’re ungenerous toward yourself. Instead, try measuring your present self against your past self. When I asked a salesperson to map his sales performance, he was amazed to see that he had achieved a 5% to 10% annual increase in sales while at his firm. This made him feel more self-confident and lessened his resentment toward his colleagues. If you feel threatened every time a perceived rival does well, remind yourself of your own strengths and successes. 
While predictions about the future are always difficult, one can be made with certainty. People will find themselves in large numbers of interactions where intercultural communication skills will be essential. There are several reasons for such prediction. Some reasons include increasing amounts of contact brought on by overseas assignments in the business world, the movement of college students spending time in other countries, and increasing amounts of international travel among tourists. Others relate to social changes within any one large and complex nation: affirmative action, the movement of immigrants and refugees, bilingual education programs, and movement away from the goal that ethnic minorities become a part of a ‘melting pot.’ Therefore, it is essential that people research the cultures and communication conventions of those whom they propose to meet in the future.
A famous psychiatrist was leading a symposium on the methods of getting patients to open up about themselves. The psychiatrist challenged his colleagues with a boast: “I’ll bet that my technique will enable me to get a new patient to talk about the most private things during the first session without my having to ask a question.” What was his magic formula? Simply this: He began the session by revealing to the patient something personal about himself―secrets with which the patient might damage the doctor by breaking the confidence. As he was ‘maskless,’ patients began to talk about their lives. They opened themselves up to him because he had become an open-minded person himself, and openness evoked openness. The same principle applies to all human relationships. If you dare to take the initiative in self-revelation, the other person is much more likely to reveal secrets to you.
After an event, all one has are memories of it. Because most waits expect a desired outcome, it is the memory of the outcome that dominates, not the intermediate components. If the overall outcome is pleasurable enough, any unpleasantness suffered along the way is minimized. Terence Mitchell and Leigh Thompson call this ‘rosy retrospection.’ Mitchell and his colleagues studied participants in a 12-day tour of Europe, students going home for Thanksgiving vacation and a three-week bicycle tour across California. In all of these cases, the results were similar. Before an event, people looked forward with positive anticipation. Afterward, they remembered fondly. During? Well, reality seldom lives up to expectations, so plenty of things go wrong. As memory takes over, however, the unpleasantness fades and the good parts remain, perhaps to intensify, and even get amplified beyond reality.
Every day, it seems, we learn of an apology from a prominent figure in response to an indiscretion of some sort. Those in the public eye have an unfortunate tendency to apologize only after they have been found with a hand in the cookie jar. When this happens, it is only natural for a skeptical public to wonder, “Are they apologizing for their conduct, or simply because they were caught?” To make matters worse, the wrongdoer will often use the passive voice in his or her apology: “Mistakes were made,” rather than, “I made a mistake.” It is more comfortable to use the passive voice here, but doing so relinquishes any sense of personal responsibility. It is a non-apology and is not very meaningful.
We can infer that there was prosperity in ancient Athens because this was a time that saw the planting of many olive trees. Since olive trees do not produce their fruits for about thirty years, their planting indicates that people were optimistic about the future. The growth in the export of olive oil also encouraged the development of pottery, in which the oil was transported. About 535 B.C. came the invention of red-figure vase painting. Now the whole surface of the vase was blackened, with figures picked out in the natural red. This allowed much more variety and realism. And the prosperity brought about by the international trade in olive oil spread to the peasants and it was their rituals, with choral song and mimic dancing, that formed the basis of early theater.
Until recently, it was generally assumed that the first humans took a northerly route to leave the African continent, walking into the Middle East and then spreading out from there. However, mtDNA analysis now suggests the exodus may have proceeded via a more southerly route. In 2005, an international team of researchers announced that an isolated group living in Malaysia appeared to be the descendants of humans who left Africa around 65,000 years ago. According to the researchers, climatic change underway at the time would have made a southerly route easier. The genetic evidence suggests perhaps as few as several hundred individuals went first to India, then Southeast Asia and Australasia. If correct, this would explain why humans appear to have reached Australia around 50,000 years ago, while the oldest human remains in Europe―a jawbone found in Romania―are only around 35,000 years old.
The information processing model emphasizes rational analysis for solving problems, with an emphasis on techniques for quickly arriving at a solution. Culturally, this orientation fits well with the kinds of mental attributes which are normally valued by contemporary Western societies. For example, Westerners tend to admire someone who is independent and quick-thinking. But these characteristics are not universally valued. Agricultural African societies, for example, valued looking at the problem in the context of the whole society, noting its impact on various features of life. In most situations, speed in arriving at a solution was not a vital issue. This is also found with the Cree and Ojibway in Canada. These groups historically lived in wilderness areas and faced many hardships; in these circumstances, they would rarely get a second chance at solving problems. Consequently, these Native people value taking time to reflect on a problem and mentally walk through possible solutions before any action is taken.
The other day an acquaintance of mine, a sociable and charming man, told me he had found himself unexpectedly ‘alone’ in New York for an hour or two between appointments. He went to the Whitney Museum and spent the ‘empty’ time looking at things by himself. For him it proved to be a shock nearly as great as falling in love to discover that he could enjoy himself so much alone. What had he been afraid of? I asked myself. That, suddenly alone, he would discover that he bored himself, or that there was, quite simply, no self there to meet? But having taken the first step into this new world, he is now about to begin a new adventure; he is about to be launched into his own inner space, space as immense, unexplored, and sometimes frightening as outer space to the astronaut. His every perception will come to him with a new freshness and, for a time, seem startlingly original. For anyone who can see things for himself with a naked eye becomes, for a moment or two, something of a genius. With another human being present vision becomes double vision, inevitably. We are busy wondering, what does my companion see or think of this, and what do I think of it? The original impact gets lost. “Music I heard with you was more than music.” Exactly. And therefore music ‘itself’ can only be heard alone. Solitude is the salt of personhood. It brings out the authentic flavor of every experience.

#2010 9월
We are addicted to our cars. We do not think twice before driving to pick something up at a store that is only three blocks away. In fact, we romanticize driving with our thoughts of long Sunday drives and adventurous cross-country road trips. Well, we need to get rid of this addiction―and fast―because driving is harmful to our health and to our planet’s health. The air pollutants that spit out from the car exhaust pipes have been proven to cause cancer, and the carbon dioxide that is emitted causes global warming. One of the easiest ways to reduce these emissions is simply to change our mind-set about driving. We need to make driving our last choice of transportation to live a happy, healthy life. And the first step in achieving this new mind-set is to reorganize our lives so we do not need to drive much or far.
Growing native plants in a garden is catching on like wildfire. Natives often attract more birds and pollinators such as bees and butterflies, increasing their diversity to your garden. Imitating a native landscape in an isolated urban yard, however, does not do all that much to make up for lost native habitat. So what is the most ecological use of your garden? At the top of the list is gardening for your own food. There is no reason that what you plant for birds, butterflies, and bees cannot also feed you and your family. Sunflowers are often called ‘nature’s bird feeders,’ but you can plant enough to share the oil-rich seeds. Many fruit trees in your garden can also feed both birds and you.
Conditioning occurs indirectly, which adds to its impact on us. Let’s say, for example, that you watch another person get an electric shock. Each time, a signal light comes on before the shock is delivered. Even if you do not receive a shock yourself, you will soon develop an emotional response to the light. Children who learn to fear thunder by watching their parents react to it have undergone similar conditioning. If horror movies can affect us, we might expect the emotions of parents, friends, and relatives to have even more impact. How, for instance, does a city child learn to fear snakes and respond emotionally to mere pictures of them? Being told that “snakes are dangerous” may not explain the child’s emotional response. More likely, the child has observed others reacting fearfully to the word snake or to snake images on television.
Travel around the country with Carl Sandburg, a twentiethcentury poet who has been called the voice of America. Hop aboard his poetry train on which each amazing poem leads to a different destination―some quiet and peaceful, others alive with enthusiasm and humor. Visit rural back roads and busy cities, and meet friendly animals and ordinary people going about their daily lives. More than thirty wonderful poems are presented in this collection of his poetry, along with special illustrations that capture the spirit of the poetry. With a magic touch, Sandburg manages to find the laughter and meaning in everyday things―doors, rain, colors, the sea, a telephone wire, words, and even a rat! So pack your imagination and get ready to take a special trip with the words of Carl Sandburg.
We know where we are headed and what we want to do. However, quite often, due to forces outside our control, things do not go as we had planned and we have to adjust to a postponement or create a whole new set of circumstances. This is what happens when life throws us a curveball. The fact is that life is unpredictable. For example, your car breaks down and you are late for an appointment. While it is true that you never arrive at that important meeting, you end up spending a few relaxing hours with people you would never have met otherwise. Remember that not only are curveballs the universe’s way of keeping us awake― which is a gift in and of itself―but they are also its method of bringing us wonderful surprises.
When my son was seven years old, we went to a dolphin show. After the show, I went up to the trainer and asked, “How did you get the dolphin to do all these really neat things?” The trainer looked at my son and me and said, “Unlike many parents, whenever the dolphin does anything like what I want him to do, I notice him! I give him a hug and a fish.” The light went on in my head. Whenever my son did what I wanted him to do, I paid little attention to him. However, when he did not, I gave him a lot of attention because I did not want to raise a bad kid! I was unintentionally teaching him to be a little monster in order to get my attention. Since that day, I have tried hard to notice my son’s good acts and downplay his mistakes.
The person who wrote of a building bringing gladness to the viewer reminds us of the importance of beauty in human life. Biologists account for the human desire for art in other terms. They explain that human beings have very large brains that demand stimulation. Curious, active, and inventive, we humans constantly explore, and in so doing invent things that appeal to our senses―fine arts, fine food, fine scents, and fine music. Art has mostly been considered in terms of seeking beauty, but there are other reasons deeply rooted in the human experience that create needs for art. For one, humans also reflect on the nature of things and the meaning of life. Visually and verbally, we constantly communicate with each other; in our need to understand and our need to communicate, the arts serve a vital function.
It is possible to observe a basic and sometimes  unexplainable division in the animal world. Some species crowd together and require physical contact with each other. Others avoid touching. No apparent logic governs the category into which a species falls. Curiously enough, closely related animals may belong to different categories. The great Emperor penguin is a contact species. It conserves heat through contact with its fellows in large groups. The smaller Adelie penguin is a non-contact species. Thus it is somewhat less adaptable to cold than the Emperor. Other functions served by contact behavior are unknown. One could guess that, since contact animals are more ‘involved’ with each other, their social organization and possibly their manner of exploiting the environment might be different from those of non-contact animals.
The face of the water, in time, became a wonderful book―a book that was a dead language to the uneducated passenger, but which told its mind to the pilot without reserve, delivering its most cherished secrets as clearly as if it spoke them with a voice. The passenger who could not read this book saw nothing but all manner of pretty pictures in it, painted by the sun and shaded by the clouds. To the pilot, however, it was a highlighted passage. Indeed, it was more than that; for it meant that a wreck or a rock was buried there that could tear the life out of the strongest vessel that ever floated. It is the faintest and simplest expression the water ever makes, and the most frightening to a pilot’s eye.
As we explore together the virtual world that floats on the edge of this material life, the many imaginative territories you inhabit bring back another reality. I catch images of my own childhood wanderings through Narnia, the land of hobbits, and Mowgli’s jungle. All these are deep pleasures which combine all my senses and momentarily transport me into another dimension of living. If I were to bring it all together I would say that among all the misery, fear, injustice, and pain, I hope you will not forget moments when all this fades away into periods of innocent joy. It is when we bring all our powerful senses together, perhaps in a moment in the garden of earthly delights that we triumph over despair. So the moment when you dance to Handel or when you sit in a pool of wild flowers, or gravely take part in your first tea ceremony, these are the moments you will treasure. They are, with similar moments with friends and loved ones, what makes being human bearable.

#2009 9월
Many people may have had the experience of buying products that fell apart after hardly any use. Although the manufacture and sale of such products do not violate the law, intentionally making false claims for a product is fraud. Some frauds endanger the health and even the lives of citizens. Some drug companies have, for example, frequently been caught making false claims about their products or hiding information to cover up their dangers. Although companies are supposed to seek profits, they still need to be morally responsible. Everybody must be a good citizen concerned with the health and welfare of all. As members of society, companies should be no less concerned.
Urban-rural differences in child-growth patterns have been known for more than a century. While urban-rural differences are well known, the extent of the differences between urban and rural samples varies according to specific features that characterize the urban and rural communities. Thus, urban-rural differences may be non-existent, as they often are in contemporary comparisons involving children from long-industrialized countries. Or they may be substantial as they frequently were in American and European countries 100 years ago, or as they are today in developing countries. In these developing countries, there may be large differences in nutrition, medical care, pollutant exposure, parental characteristics, and energy use. With this in mind, generalization about urban-rural differences is difficult.
If you read lifestyle magazines, you will see how often prominent people meet up with other prominent people. That is the secret for building up a network. It is through these meetings that prominent people become prominent in the first place! You might write a bestseller, make a fantastic appearance on television, hold seminars that are so good that they become legendary, or have incredible success in business. But if you are isolated in your private life afterwards, your success will not last long. Networking should not be regarded as a search for customers or partners, but rather as a win-win situation from which everyone can benefit.
I’m not suggesting that you have to watch the news constantly, but by reading, listening, and talking, we keep up with what’s happening. Successful people don’t get stuck by the unimportant details of their own lives, and they don’t live in a tiny bubble. Make it your mission to know what’s going on in the world in current events, music, fashion, science, food, transport, and even TV. Successful people are able to hold a conversation pretty well on everything and anything because they’re interested in what’s going on. You don’t necessarily have to own the latest everything, but you should have a rough idea of what’s changing, what’s new, and what’s happening, both in your community and on the other side of the world.
For decades, critics have been predicting the death of classical music, suggesting that the classical music audience has grown old with no younger generation to take its place. They point out that orchestras are debt-burdened, that major record labels are cutting-back or cutting-out their classical operations, and that the number of radio stations with classical programming is decreasing. The critics conclude that classical music is no longer popular. What these critics seem entirely ignorant of, however, is that the worldly and educated, so-called ‘Generation-Y’ is more apt to take an interest in classical music, and as more and more classical organizations take the initiative to capitalize on this, the future is beginning to look promising. 
The stories you will read here are based on facts from eyewitness accounts. They have been collected from a wide variety of employees and organizations across the United States. The names and, in some cases, genders have been changed to protect the identities of the individuals. These accounts are only a small sampling of general practices currently in operation in American Business, and do not reflect an experience within any particular company. While these stories expose the darker side of American Business, this book does not offer legal advice. Any reader who feels she or he needs legal advice should consult legal counsel.
Nicknames and their associated identities, in the emerging medium of online communication, have become an important means in identifying the participants in online chat rooms and newsgroups. H. Bays, a sociolinguist, observes that online, a nickname can be anything from numbers and punctuation to a highly personal or expressive name and potentially contains numerous sociological cues such as gender, approximate age, music and sports interests. Examples may include snowwhite12, lion66, musiclover33, and Birdie_sunneyman. She further points out that the nickname is the first sign of individuality when one encounters another participant. It serves as a first impression and shows the aspect of ‘face’ that the participant wants to present online.
While we generally equate myths with the ancient Greeks or Romans, modern myths are realized in many aspects of popular culture, including trademarks, movies, comic books, holidays, and even commercials. Commercials and advertisements can be analyzed in terms of the underlying mythic themes they represent. Often fashion ads, especially perfume ads, use fantasy and mythical themes. Comic book superheroes also demonstrate how myths can be communicated to consumers of all ages. Indeed, some of these fictional characters represent a mono-myth, a myth that is common to many cultures. The most prevalent mono-myth involves a hero who emerges from the everyday world with supernatural powers and wins a decisive victory over evil forces. Comic book heroes, familiar to most consumers, may even be more credible and effective than real-life celebrities.
Anchoring settling to a certain price range influences all kinds of purchases. Uri Simonsohn and George Lowenstein, for example, found that people who move from inexpensive areas to moderately priced cities do not increase their spending to fit the new area. Rather, these people spend an amount similar to what they were used to in their previous area, even if this means having to squeeze themselves and their families into smaller or less comfortable homes. Likewise, people moving from more expensive cities sink the same amount of dollars into their new housing situations as they did in the past. People who move from an expensive area do not generally downsize their spending much once they move to a moderately priced city.

#2008 9월
Although most people use the bus or subway to get around Seoul, every once in a while it’s nice to spend a sunny day crossing the city on a bicycle. While riding, you are certain to discover new streets and different views of the capital. “The key to enjoying cycling is to choose the right streets,” says one city official, adding that alleys off main roads can be interesting areas to explore. If you only ride occasionally, you don’t have to spend a lot of money because bikes can be rented. Let’s discover Seoul and learn about its undiscovered back streets on a bike. 
Children grow up and leave home. They go from helpless babies to mature adults while our back is turned. The secret is to try and keep pace with them. We have to resist the urge to do everything for them, and let them fry eggs or paint trash cans for themselves. By the time they reach adolescence, we may expect them to be able to keep their room tidy for the first time. But they have never done it before. They have to learn how to do it, and part of that learning process is not doing it, doing it badly, and doing it differently from how we would do it. Growing is a messy business. Our job is to help them, that is, to hand them responsibility slowly, bit by bit.
Many years ago, my drama director, frustrated with my bad acting in a play, shouted, “No! No! Your body is contradicting your words. Every tiny movement reveals your private thoughts.” Then he said something I’ll never forget: “The way you move is your autobiography in motion.” How right he was! On the stage of real life, every physical move you make subconsciously tells everyone the story of your life. As dogs hear sounds our ears can’t detect, people make and notice moves that are beneath human consciousness but have tremendous power to attract or offend.
Science is all about trying ideas, abandoning those that don’t work, and building on those that do. It never stops. Those people in the past who had wrong ideas weren’t fools. They were doing the best they could, given the knowledge of their times. We do the same thing today. And you can be sure that people in the future will look back and wonder why we believe some of the things we do. Does that make science unimportant? If some of our scientific theories are going to be proved false, why bother studying them? If you believe something is an absolute truth, you can just memorize it and get on with your life. After all, there is always something to explore in the world. 
“What is value to the customer?” is the most important question in business, yet is rarely asked. One reason is that managers are quite sure that they know the answer. Value is what they, in their business, define as quality. But this is almost always the wrong definition. The customer never buys a product but the satisfaction of a want. For the teenage girl, for instance, value in a shoe is high fashion. Price is a secondary consideration and durability is not value at all. For the same girl as a young mother, a few years later, what she looks for is durability, price and comfort.
By thinking the right thoughts, you can make any job less distasteful. Your boss wants you to be more interested in your job so that he or she will make more money. But let’s forget about what the boss wants. Think only of what getting interested in your job will do for you. Remind yourself that it may double the amount of happiness you get out of life, for you spend about one half of your waking hours at work. Keep reminding yourself that getting interested in your job will take your mind off your worries, and in the long run, will probably bring about promotion and increased pay. Even if it doesn’t do that, it will reduce fatigue to a minimum and help you enjoy your hours of leisure.
Sleep recharges our brains and helps us think more clearly. But more importantly it is a time when noise from the world outside is shut off and creative energy from the deepest inner mind can break through. It’s no wonder why you often wake up with great ideas after a sound sleep. Or why Elias Howe thought of the idea of a sewing machine after waking up. Or why Dmitri Mendeleev literally dreamed up the periodic table of elements. If you aren’t making time for sleep, you are limiting your creativity and your life’s potential. 
All cells need energy to live, whether they are muscle cells in a hiker’s leg, or young yeast cells turning a tank of grape juice into wine. Regardless of type, however, no cell can ‘make’ energy. Energy can neither be created nor destroyed, but can merely be transformed from one state to another. Each cell must therefore obtain its energy from some outside environmental source, and cells do so in a range of ways. Yeast cells growing on a grape skin obtain energy from nutrient molecules originally processed within the grape leaves and stored within the fruit. Humans obtain energy from molecules present in the plant and animal matter they eat and digest. 
I believe mystery plays a fundamental role in experiencing the great things in life. If you can determine the chemicals that exist in a food or wine, does that help you understand why you like the taste? Do you think that being able to list all the reasons you love a person enables you to love that person more or differently? If something is beautiful to you, can you really explain why in a meaningful way? There are many sensations and feelings that we can experience but not fully define. Once we give up the belief that definition of these emotions is necessary or possible, we can actually experience them more completely because we have removed the analytical filter we use to find definitions.

#2007 9월
Hunting for food has always been part of human life worldwide. Since the dawn of human history, people living in the rain forests have hunted for bushmeat. For thousands of years they have lived in harmony with their forest world. Today, however, the commercial bushmeat trade worldwide has become so large that many animals are literally on the edge of extinction. Indeed, if the bushmeat trade of endangered species isn’t stopped immediately, some animals will soon be hunted out of existence.
Recently, television-news coverage, assisted by the new satellite technology, began to bring “instant news” into our living rooms. The immediacy and intimacy of the media have somehow allowed the events and persons of  so-called “fame” to precede those of worthiness. Before the introduction of the new technology, thoughtful objectivity and measured delivery had been most trusted. The emphasis in news began to shift away from analysis and toward action. The prize for broadcast journalism often seems to be going to the first, as opposed to the best, coverage. Now, watching the news, we often find ourselves abandoned. It is time to think seriously about the true value of news coverage.
Chocolate, cake, and candies are full of sugar and one day it may power your car. Sugar is already the fuel for millions of Brazilian drivers. How is this possible? When sugar is fermented, it produces alcohol. Alcohol is mixed with gasoline, creating a cleaner burning fuel. Investors are betting big on alternative fuels derived from sugar and other crops. Sugar producing countries such as Brazil and Thailand have invested heavily in alcohol projects to increase their production of the alternative energy. With oil prices high, alternative fuels are becoming a more realistic option as well as one that can offer environmental benefits.
When scientists use a device called a calorimeter, the piece of food to be measured is placed inside the device, sealed, and then burned. The energy from the food heats the water surrounding the chamber. By weighing the amount of water heated, noting the increase in the water temperature, and multiplying the two, the energy capacity of the food can be measured. For example, if 10 liters of water surrounding the chamber is 20 degrees centigrade before combustion and then is measured at 25 degrees after combustion, the difference in temperature (5 degrees) is multiplied by the volume of water (10 liters) to arrive at the caloric value (50 calories of energy).
I was thrilled when your establishment moved into our neighborhood. I appreciate the convenience that your family-run business provides. Your store is always clean and well-stocked, and your workers are always attentive and knowledgeable. But I would like to bring one consideration to your attention, and that is the cost of your merchandise. I realize that a family-run business will be more expensive than a chain store, and I’ve been willing to pay that difference. Frequently, however, your prices are nearly double what I would have paid at other stores. I want to continue shopping at your store, but I’m not sure I can consistently afford to pay such high prices.
For most of the world’s plant life, the effects of climate change over the past two decades have been productive, according to an analysis of climate and satellite data collected between 1982 and 1999. The research addresses the question of how global vegetation has responded to changes in rainfall, temperature, and cloud cover patterns. Such climate factors determine how vegetation grows. Previous studies have looked at vegetation’s response to climate change at regional scales, but this is the first study to look at it from a global perspective. According to the analysis, global climate change has eased climatic constraints on plant life around the globe, allowing vegetation to increase by six percent over the study period.
Golf is probably one of the world’s most popular sports. Building new golf courses is the fastest kind of land development in the world. An average person walks by a golf course and says to himself or herself, “What a lovely place!” Golf courses have beautiful grass, lots of green plants, and pretty ponds. There are birds in the trees and flowers around the clubhouse. The area is quiet, and it seems peaceful. This picture of a positive environment, however, is not real. Golf course developers take over good farmland, destroy the natural habitats of wild animals, and pollute the water and the air.
If you are the sort of parent who frowns when you hear the word “messy,” then relax. No one is suggesting that you spread mud or baked beans all over the walls of your home. Messy play can quite easily be contained in one part of a room. With plenty of newspaper, trash bags, and aprons, any untidiness can be cleaned up in no time. Messy play at home will help your child develop his creative skills, as he experiments with different materials and textures and learns about colors by mixing paints together. And don’t worry too much about clearing up afterwards. The benefits of messy play far outweigh the disadvantages of a few spots of paint or mud.
It is all too easy to assume that everything in life is going to work out perfectly. Some people plan their entire lives for years assuming that things will happen exactly as they hope. For example, some college students begin planning at the beginning of their freshman year what classes they will be taking through graduate school and then where they will end up working. The problem is, once they fail one class or have a bad experience that leads them to doubt their major, all of these plans fall apart. In general, we should plan the future based on what we expect to happen. Unfortunately, things do not always work out as we want, so we must be prepared for anything.

#2006 9월
During the last several decades, Asia’s glaciers have been melting at an alarming rate. According to Chinese researcher Yao Tandong, annual glacial runoff on the Tibetan Plateau and surrounding areas is roughly 20 percent more than that of 40 years ago. Some of that water is flowing into Asia’s rivers, increasing floods and spreading waterborne diseases. In time, the problem will reverse. Yao predicts that 60 percent of the glaciers on the Tibetan Plateau will be gone by the end of the century. “Once the rivers decrease and finally disappear, oases will dry up and there will be no more cities.”
We all make mistakes, have to deal with challenging colleagues, and face situations we are trying to turn around. At times it’s so overwhelming that you have no understanding of the situation. Small pains seem monumental, and important things get pushed aside as if they were insignificant. It’s not just that you can’t see the forest for the trees; you’re stuck down there, covered with leaves. Here’s what to do. Rise above it. Rise so far above it that you feel 10,000 feet off the ground. Then you will have the insight you need to sort it all out. You will see what really matters in life.
If you have ever been near a sparking electric motor or a copying machine, or been in a severe lightning storm, you probably have smelled ozone. Its odor is unmistakable, but hard to describe. Ozone is oxygen that has undergone rearrangement from the normal diatomic molecule (O2) to a triatomic form (O3). A simple chemical equation summarizes the reaction: 3O2+Energy→2O3. Energy must be added for this reaction to occur, which accounts for the fact that ozone forms when oxygen is subjected to electrical discharge, whether from an electric spark or lightning.
Role theory takes the view that consumer behavior resembles actions in a play. As people act out different roles, they sometimes alter their consumption decisions depending on the “play” they are in. The criteria that they use to evaluate products and services in one of their roles may be quite different from those used in another role. In many cases, the purchaser and the user of a product might not be the same person, as when a parent picks out clothes for a teenager. In other cases, another person may act as an influencer, providing recommendations for or against certain products without actually buying or using
Some mental processes do slow down a bit in the course of aging. But in terms of learning new skills and information, older people are at no disadvantage. A recent study shows that aging does not affect the amount of material you can absorb in a given period. And once you’ve learned it, you’ll probably retain it as well as a younger person. The better educated you are―and the more you continue to learn new things―the greater the likelihood you’ll maintain high cognitive functioning. 
Many people want 100% assurance that what is feared will not happen. Unfortunately, the need for a 100% guarantee is strengthened by several forces in our relatively safe and comfortable modern world. Movies and television programs confirm the illusion that all problems can be easily solved and that life should be safe and wonderful. We don’t like to face the truth that uncertainty is a part of life. The tendency to look for someone to blame when something goes wrong implies that accidents “should not” occur. We demand that our medicine, transportation, food, and everything else be 100% safe. This is impossible.
Imagine the average workplace of 1900―a place without calculators, computers, or even electricity in many places. When people in the future look back on 2005, what tool will they marvel that we functioned without? What devices will become commonplace that nobody has yet imagined? People capable of dealing with the future and the changes it holds are those who do not fear change and who practice flexibility. Your job will not be the same in twenty years. It just means you need to embrace innovation; otherwise you will not stay on top. 
Our success has come to be measured by what we do and what we earn, and we work even harder and longer to sustain lifestyles that are well above world standards. In recent years, however, an increasing number of Australians have concluded the pursuit of the dollar has been at the expense of happiness and well-being and have chosen to cut their working hours and income. This has been named “downshifting.” This decade, nearly a quarter of Australians aged 30 to 59 have downshifted. To downshifters, it is a fair balance between income and free time that they try to achieve.
Today I went into a bookstore to buy books for my wife. Recognizing that I am a best-selling writer, some people asked me to sign books. As I was writing in one of them, I suddenly forgot how to spell “controlled.” “Does it have one ‘l’ or two? If I spell it wrong, people will find out as soon as I leave. But if I ask, all these people will laugh at me!” At that moment I literally broke out in a sweat.

#2005 9월
Thank you for coming to the interview on Friday afternoon for the assistant sales manager position. I was enormously impressed by your professionalism, enthusiasm, and commitment to your work. I knew the decision I would have to make would be difficult and it has been. However, I have made that decision, and I am afraid that I cannot offer you the position at this time. I do hope that you will keep in touch with the personnel department manager and that you will apply again next time. The company plans to employ a large number of persons for the sales department next year. Thank you again for your interest in the Hankook Corporation.
Flood waters are dangerous. The force of a few inches of water can toss you to the ground. While camping, just keep your radio turned on and tuned to a weather station. Tons of water miles away can reach and swallow you in a few minutes. If there’s a flood, just get out of the car. Cars can be easily swept away in just two feet of water. If you have limited time, take only family medicines, blankets and a battery-powered radio with you. Don’t wait until the last minute to leave, hoping to save your possessions. Save your life instead.
As far back as I can remember, I’ve heard about the importance of a positive attitude and the powerful effect it could have on my life. I heard it from my parents, teachers, coaches, and supervisors over the years. How many times in your life have you been encouraged to have a positive attitude? Although attitude plays an important role in everyone’s life, many people don’t realize the influence it has on their performance at work and on their relationships. The attitude that you carry around makes an incredible difference in your life. It can be a powerful tool for positive action. Or it can be a poison that weakens your ability to fulfill your potential. Your attitude dictates whether you are living life or life is living you. Attitude determines whether you are on the way or in the way.
Social scientists have long noted the relationship between lifelong education and income. Put simply, individuals who have invested in further education and in-service training earn more money than individuals who have not. Human capital consists of the skills and knowledge that an individual uses to produce goods and services. Human capital is developed by investing time, money and energy in the acquisition of new skills that enable us to be more productive. By continuously investing in ourselves, we expect to become more productive and to gain a higher income, greater job satisfaction and better professional opportunities. 
Perhaps the outstanding characteristic of my nine-year-old child is the fact that he is emerging from a long, strong preoccupation with his mother. Whereas at eight he could admit the presence of Mother, now he often seems to resent her presence and her demands. At eight he counted on his mother. Or he was related strongly and warmly to his mother. This nine-year-old child isn’t willing to ask others for help. In addition, he is eager to achieve something for himself. He has become a self-starter and, once started, wishes to continue in his own way, at his own time, in his own direction.
Markets enable buyers and sellers to exchange goods and services. A market may be a place where buyers put their money down and carry away whatever it is they have bought－groceries from a supermarket, for example. But a market does not have to be a place. It can be something more abstract. Take the real-estate market, for example. It is not possible to go and look at the real-estate market; instead, the real-estate market is a complicated set of arrangements involving real-estate sales offices, web pages, and even information exchanged by neighbors talking over back fences. Whether concrete or abstract, markets help people exchange goods and services.
Those of us who watched the lunar voyage of Apollo 11 were thrilled to see the first men walk on the moon and return to the earth. Words such as fantastic and incredible were inadequate to describe those eventful days. But to go there, those astronauts had to break out of the tremendous gravity pull of the earth. More energy was spent in the first few minutes of lift-off or in the first few miles of travel than was used over the next several days to travel half a million miles. 
Habits, too, have tremendous gravity pull－more than most people realize or would admit. Breaking deeply-rooted old habitual tendencies such as  hesitance, impatience, selfishness,  and criticalness that violate basic principles of human effectiveness involves more than a little will-power and a few minor changes in our lives. Achieving lift-off takes a tremendous effort, but once we break out of the gravity pull, our freedom takes on a whole new world.

#2004 9월
When we hear about wetlands such as swamps and bogs, we are often reminded of unpleasant experiences: we get swamped with homework and bogged down in math problems. This makes it hard to realize the importance of wetlands. Wetlands are important to many kinds of animals and plants that live there. Some birds nest in wetlands and others use them for rest stops during flights. Wetlands are important to people, too. People visit wetlands to fish, take pictures and just listen to the sounds and enjoy being outdoors. Wetlands also help us in other ways. They control flooding by soaking up water like a sponge and then letting it out later on. 
Nearly two-thirds of the world’s population live under night skies polluted by light. In most heavily urbanized regions, it no longer really gets dark because of street lamps, security lights, searchlights, office lights and neon signs. In a natural night sky, someone looking at the heavens with the unaided eye should be able to see nearly 3,500 stars and planets and the glow from the Milky Way, our home galaxy. But in large cities, the number of visible stars has fallen to a few dozen. This stunning drop has made it impossible to grow up being exposed to the natural beauty and inspiration of the night sky.
Chef Walter Potenza owns three thriving Italian restaurants on Rhode Island. He believes that his success is the product of lifetime education. “When I opened my first restaurant, all of a sudden, my schooling and my knowledge came into play. It made me an academic, a person who explored the food business,” Walter says. “And the learning never stops,” he adds. “Every time you read a book, you get ideas. Then you introduce your ideas into your workplace. You make more work for yourself, but you make that work better. Chefs are made, not born.”
Credit card misuse remains at an alarmingly high level. It is a cause not only of personal tragedies, but also of more serious social problems. But how can we deal with this situation? Whatever solution we choose, it must focus on changing consumers’ spending habits for the better. Up to now, people have been encouraged to use credit cards for various reasons. This was good for those who used their cards wisely, but many have taken on large debts as a result. Now is the time, therefore, to emphasize sensible individual credit card use. Various financial support programs can be helpful in this, but unless consumers spend within their means, there can be no solution.
In recent years, we’ve been dreaming very different dreams. The stuff of these dreams is fantasy―swords and wizards, knights and ladies. The business of fantasy has become a multibillion-dollar reality, and science fiction is starting to feel old-fashioned. Our fascination with science fiction reflected a deep faith that technology would lead us to a cyber utopia, with robot servants serving food. But in fact, a dark, pessimistic attitude toward technology and the future is attracting more and more people. And the evidence is the world’s new concern with a nostalgic, magical vision of the past: swords, not lasers; magic, not electricity; villages, not cities; the past, not the future.
Every human being will grow older and die. Aging in itself is not a disease or a sickness, but as people age, disease often follows and the elderly need others’ help. In addition, the percentage of senior citizens in the world has increased very quickly, and our society is no exception. The problem for us is that we have left the care of the elderly to their families. We must change our attitude toward this issue and develop more systematic social programs. The sooner we realize the importance of the role of government in this matter, the smaller the final cost to society as a whole will be.
Traditional fairy tales show heroines who are usually beautiful and passive and spend a lot of their time indoors cooking and cleaning. Many authors today, however, are creating fairy stories in which the heroines are more active. For example, in Cinder Edna, a modern version of Cinderella by Ellen B. Jackson, the heroine wears comfortable shoes and takes the bus to the party. In Sleepless Beauty by Frances Minters, Beauty, instead of falling asleep, fools the wicked witch by setting an alarm clock. In other stories set in modern times, more and more strong, clever female characters are appearing.
Change happens to us all at some point in our life. I am no exception. When I was young, I went through serious growing pains. My ankles and knees ached at night. It hurt, and it was a little scary. My mother told me that it had something to do with “growth plates.” She explained that I should accept the aches and pains gladly because they meant that I was growing fast. When other painful changes came along in later life, I always recalled my mother’s words. And recently, when a friend of mine was having a hard time dealing with the loss of his job, I gave him the same advice. At first he couldn’t accept it, but after a while, he came to see that this was one of the changes that happen to everyone. In the end, losing a job motivated him to start his own business. These experiences have taught me that change, which is an essential part of our life, can have both positive and negative effects. It may hurt us a little when it occurs, but if we accept it as a growth process, it will bring benefits in the long run. My best advice is to “go with the flow.” Keep an open mind and be optimistic.

#2003 9월

