#2019 수능
Researchers in psychology follow the scientific method to perform studies that help explain and may predict human behavior. This is a much more challenging task than studying snails or sound waves. It often requires compromises, such as testing behavior within laboratories rather than natural settings, and asking those readily available (such as introduction to psychology students) to participate rather than collecting data from a true cross-section of the population. It often requires great cleverness to conceive of measures that tap into what people are thinking without altering their thinking, called reactivity. Simply knowing they are being observed may cause people to behave differently (such as more politely!). People may give answers that they feel are more socially desirable than their true feelings. But for all of these difficulties for psychology, the payoff of the scientific method is that the findings are replicable; that is, if you run the same study again following the same procedures, you will be very likely to get the same results.
Clearly, schematic knowledge helps you―guiding your understanding and enabling you to reconstruct things you cannot remember. But schematic knowledge can also hurt you, promoting errors in perception and memory. Moreover, the types of errors produced by schemata are quite predictable: Bear in mind that schemata summarize the broad pattern of your experience, and so they tell you, in essence, what’s typical or ordinary in a given situation. Any reliance on schematic knowledge, therefore, will be shaped by this information about what’s “normal.” Thus, if there are things you don’t notice while viewing a situation or event, your schemata will lead you to fill in these “gaps” with knowledge about what’s normally in place in that setting. Likewise, if there are things you can’t recall, your schemata will fill in the gaps with knowledge about what’s typical in that situation. As a result, a reliance on schemata will inevitably make the world seem more “normal” than it really is and will make the past seem more “regular” than it actually was.
Olivia and her sister Ellie were standing with Grandma in the middle of the cabbages. Suddenly, Grandma asked, “Do you know what a Cabbage White is?” “Yes, I learned about it in biology class. It’s a beautiful white butterfly,” Olivia answered. “Right! But it lays its eggs on cabbages, and then the caterpillars eat the cabbage leaves! So, why don’t you help me to pick the caterpillars up?” Grandma suggested. The two sisters gladly agreed and went back to the house to get ready. Soon, armed with a small bucket each, Olivia and Ellie went back to Grandma. When they saw the cabbage patch, they suddenly remembered how vast it was. There seemed to be a million cabbages. Olivia stood open-mouthed at the sight of the endless cabbage field. She thought they could not possibly pick all of the caterpillars off. Olivia sighed in despair. Grandma smiled at her and said, “Don’t worry. We are only working on this first row here today.” Relieved, she and Ellie started on the first cabbage. The caterpillars wriggled as they were picked up while Cabbage Whites filled the air around them. It was as if the butterflies were making fun of Olivia; they seemed to be laughing at her, suggesting that they would lay millions more eggs. The cabbage patch looked like a battlefield. Olivia felt like she was losing the battle, but she fought on. She kept filling her bucket with the caterpillars until the bottom disappeared. Feeling exhausted and discouraged, she asked Grandma, “Why don’t we just get rid of all the butterflies, so that there will be no more eggs or caterpillars?” Grandma smiled gently and said, “Why wrestle with Mother Nature? The butterflies help us grow some other plants because they carry pollen from flower to flower.” Olivia realized she was right. Grandma added that although she knew caterpillars did harm to cabbages, she didn’t wish to disturb the natural balance of the environment. Olivia now saw the butterflies’ true beauty. Olivia and Ellie looked at their full buckets and smiled.
The printing press boosted the power of ideas to copy themselves. Prior to low-cost printing, ideas could and did spread by word of mouth. While this was tremendously powerful, it limited the complexity of the ideas that could be propagated to those that a single person could remember. It also added a certain amount of guaranteed error. The spread of ideas by word of mouth was equivalent to a game of telephone on a global scale. The advent of literacy and the creation of handwritten scrolls and, eventually, handwritten books strengthened the ability of large and complex ideas to spread with high fidelity. But the incredible amount of time required to copy a scroll or book by hand limited the speed with which information could spread this way. A well-trained monk could transcribe around four pages of text per day. A printing press could copy information thousands of times faster, allowing knowledge to spread far more quickly, with full fidelity, than ever before.
A major challenge for map-makers is the depiction of hills and valleys, slopes and flatlands collectively called the topography. This can be done in various ways. One is to create an image of sunlight and shadow so that wrinkles of the topography are alternately lit and shaded, creating a visual representation of the shape of the land. Another, technically more accurate way is to draw contour lines. A contour line connects all points that lie at the same elevation. A round hill rising above a plain, therefore, would appear on the map as a set of concentric circles, the largest at the base and the smallest near the top. When the contour lines are positioned closely together, the hill’s slope is steep; if they lie farther apart, the slope is gentler. Contour lines can represent scarps, hollows, and valleys of the local topography. At a glance, they reveal whether the relief in the mapped area is great or small: a “busy” contour map means lots of high relief

#2018 수능
Most consumer magazines depend on subscriptions and advertising. Subscriptions account for almost 90 percent of total magazine circulation. Single-copy, or newsstand, sales account for the rest. However, single-copy sales are important: they bring in more revenue per magazine, because subscription prices are typically at least 50 percent less than the price of buying single issues. Further, potential readers explore a new magazine by buying a single issue; all those insert cards with subscription offers are included in magazines to encourage you to subscribe. Some magazines are distributed only by subscription. Professional or trade magazines are specialized magazines and are often published by professional associations. They usually feature highly targeted advertising. For example, the Columbia Journalism Review is marketed toward professional journalists and its few advertisements are news organizations, book publishers, and others. A few magazines, like Consumer Reports, work toward objectivity and therefore contain no advertising.
To modern man disease is a biological phenomenon that concerns him only as an individual and has no moral implications. When he contracts influenza, he never attributes this event to his behavior toward the tax collector or his mother-in-law. Among primitives, because of their supernaturalistic theories, the prevailing moral point of view gives a deeper meaning to disease. The gods who send disease are usually angered by the moral offences of the individual. Sometimes they may not strike the guilty person himself, but rather one of his relatives or tribesmen, to whom responsibility is extended. Disease, action that might produce disease, and recovery from disease are, therefore, of vital concern to the whole primitive community. Disease, as a sanction against social misbehavior, becomes one of the most important pillars of order in such societies. It takes over, in many cases, the role played by policemen, judges, and priests in modern society. 
Both humans and rats have evolved taste preferences for sweet foods, which provide rich sources of calories. A study of food preferences among the Hadza hunter-gatherers of Tanzania found that honey was the most highly preferred food item, an item that has the highest caloric value. Human newborn infants also show a strong preference for sweet liquids. Both humans and rats dislike bitter and sour foods, which tend to contain toxins. They also adaptively adjust their eating behavior in response to deficits in water, calories, and salt. Experiments show that rats display an immediate liking for salt the first time they experience a salt deficiency. They likewise increase their intake of sweets and water when their energy and fluids become depleted. These appear to be specific evolved mechanisms, designed to deal with the adaptive problem of food selection, and coordinate consumption patterns with physical needs.
An incident in Japan in the 1950s alerted the world to the potential problems of organic mercury in fish. Factories were discharging mercury into the waters of Minamata Bay, which also harbored a commercial fishing industry. Mercury was being bioaccumulated in the fish tissue and severe mercury poisoning occurred in many people who consumed the fish. The disabling neurological symptoms were subsequently called Minamata disease. Control over direct discharge of mercury from industrial operations is clearly needed for prevention. However, it is now recognized that traces of mercury can appear in lakes far removed from any such industrial discharge. It is postulated that such contamination may result from airborne transport from remote power plants or municipal incinerators. Strictly controlled emission standards for such sources are needed to minimize this problem. Fish advisories have been issued for many lakes in the United States; these recommend limits on the number of times per month particular species of fish should be consumed.
In one sense, every character you create will be yourself. You’ve never murdered, but your murderer’s rage will be drawn from memories of your own extreme anger. Your love scenes will contain hints of your own past kisses and sweet moments. That scene in which your octogenarian feels humiliated will draw on your experience of humiliation in the eighth grade, even though the circumstances are totally different and you’re not even consciously thinking about your middle-school years. Our characters’ emotions, after all, draw on our own emotions. Sometimes, however, you will want to use your life more directly in your fiction, dramatizing actual incidents. Charles Dickens used his desperate experience as a child laborer in Victorian England to write David Copperfield. Should you create a protagonist based directly on yourself? The problem with this─and it is a very large problem─is that almost no one can view himself objectively on the page. A s the writer, you’re too close to your own complicated makeup. It can thus be easier and more effective to use a situation or incident from your life but make it happen to a character who is not you. In fact, that’s what authors largely have done. You can still, of course, incorporate aspects of yourself: your love of Beethoven, your quick temper, your soccer injuries. But by applying your own experience to a different protagonist, you can take advantage of your insider knowledge of the situation, and yet gain an objectivity and control that the original intense situation, by definition, did not have.
It was the first day of the new semester. Steve and Dave were excited that they would be back at school again. They rode their bicycles to school together that morning, as they usually did. Dave had math on the first floor, and Steve was on the second with history. On his way to the classroom, Steve’s teacher came up to him to ask if he wanted to run for student president. Steve thought for a moment and answered, “Sure, it’ll be a great experience.” After class, Steve spotted Dave in the hallway and ran to him excitedly, “I’ve got good news! I’m going for student president and I think mine will be the only nomination.” Dave cleared his throat and replied with surprise, “Actually, I’ve just registered my name, too!” He continued sharply, “Well, best of luck! But don’t think you’ll win the election, Steve.” Dave walked quickly away and from that moment on, there was an uncomfortable air of tension between the two friends. Steve tried to be friendly toward Dave, but he just didn’t seem to care. When the election day came, Steve found that his bicycle had a flat tire, so he started to run to school. Just as he reached the end of the street, Dave’s dad, who was driving Dave to school, pulled over to give him a ride. The dead silence in the car made the drive painful. Noticing the bad atmosphere, Dave’s dad said, “You know, only one of you can win. You have known each other since birth. Don’t let this election ruin your friendship. Try to be happy for each other!” His words hit Dave hard. Looking at Steve, Dave felt the need to apologize to him later that day. Steve won the election. Upon hearing the result, Dave went over to Steve and congratulated him, shaking his hand. Steve could still see the disappointment burning in his eyes. It wasn’t until later that evening, on the way home, that Dave said apologetically, “I’m so sorry, Steve! This election hasn’t damaged our friendship, has it?” “Of course not, Dave. We’re friends as always!” Steve responded with a smile. As Steve arrived home, his dad was proudly waiting for him and said, “Congratulations on the win! How did Dave take it?” Steve replied, “We’re fine now, best friends for life!” His dad laughed, “Sounds like you won two battles today!”

#2017 수능
Interestingly, being observed has two quite distinct effects on performance. In some cases, performance is decreased, even to the point of non-existence. The extreme of this is stage fright, the sudden fear of public performance. There are many instances of well-known actors who, in mid-career, develop stage fright and simply cannot perform. The other extreme is that being observed enhances performance, people doing whatever it might be better when they know that others are watching. The general rule seems to be that if one is doing something new or for the first time, then being observed while doing it decreases performance. On the other hand, being observed while doing some task or engaging in some activity that is well known or well practiced tends to enhance performance. So, if you are learning to play a new sport, it is better to begin it alone, but when you become skilled at it, then you will probably perform better with an audience.
Evolution works to maximize the number of descendants that an animal leaves behind. Where the risk of death from fishing increases as an animal grows, evolution favors those that grow slowly, mature younger and smaller, and reproduce earlier. This is exactly what we now see in the wild. Cod in Canada’s Gulf of St. Lawrence begin to reproduce at around four today; forty years ago they had to wait until six or seven to reach maturity. Sole in the North Sea mature at half the body weight they did in 1950. Surely these adaptations are good news for species hard-pressed by excessive fishing? Not exactly. Young fish produce many fewer eggs than large-bodied animals, and many industrial fisheries are now so intensive that few animals survive more than a couple of years beyond the age of maturity.  Together this means there are fewer eggs and larvae to secure future generations. In some cases the amount of young produced today is a hundred or even a thousand times less than in the past, putting the survival of species, and the fisheries dependent on them, at grave risk. 
What is the best order for a report, paper or other technical document? Of course, it must be logical; but that means simply that the paper must have connection and sequence, and a variety of orders is possible under this heading. Too many writers interpret the term logical to mean chronological, and it has become habitual to begin reports and papers with careful reviews of previous work. Usually, this is tactically weak. Most readers of reports and papers are reading the documents because they are interested in, and know something about, the subject. Therefore, to rehearse to them the findings of previous work is simply to bore them with unnecessary reminders. The interesting thing for them is the new information─the new findings and conclusions. So it is usually best to start with those pieces of information. To give a long chronological account of work or procedures is normally appropriate only when the essential point of the paper is the chronological sequence.
I expect that global society will increase annual investments from 24% today to 36% of the GDP in 2052. Much of this investment will be in energy-efficient goods that are more expensive than old-fashioned stuff designed for an era of cheap energy. Another share will be invested in the shift from coal to more expensive fuels, like conventional gas. Some will go into the construction of new renewable energy supply, even during the years before it becomes competitive. And a lot will go into repair of climate damage or adaptation to future climate damage─for example, investing in new protective walls along the coast to keep the rising ocean back. These huge increases in investment would not come about if investment was left to the market. Rather, they will happen only through state intervention, based on parliamentary decision. It will be either direct, when the government invests the tax dollars in whatever capacity it considers to be most necessary, or indirect, when the government passes legislation that makes the desired activity more profitable.
The impacts of tourism on the environment are evident to scientists, but not all residents attribute environmental damage to tourism. Residents commonly have positive views on the economic and some sociocultural influences of tourism on quality of life, but their reactions to environmental impacts are mixed. Some residents feel tourism provides more parks and recreation areas, improves the quality of the roads and public facilities, and does not contribute to ecological decline. Many do not blame tourism for traffic problems, overcrowded outdoor recreation, or the disturbance of peace and tranquility of parks. Alternatively, some residents express concern that tourists overcrowd the local fishing, hunting, and other recreation areas or may cause traffic and pedestrian congestion. Some studies suggest that variations in residents’ feelings about tourism’s relationship to environmental damage are related to the type of tourism, the extent to which residents feel the natural environment needs to be protected, and the distance residents live from the tourist attractions.
Duration refers to the time that events last. If we think of tempo as the speed of events, then duration is the speed of the clock itself. For the physicist, the duration of a “second” is precise and unambiguous: it is equal to 9,192,631,770 cycles of the frequency associated with the transition between two energy levels of the isotope cesium-133. In the realm of psychological experience, however, quantifying units of time is a considerably clumsier operation. When people are removed from the cues of “real” time─be it the sun, bodily fatigue, or timepieces themselves─it doesn’t take long before their time sense breaks down. And it is this usually imprecise psychological clock, as opposed to the time on one’s watch, that creates the perception of duration that people experience. Theoretically, a person who mentally stretches the duration of time should experience a slower tempo. Imagine, for example, that baseballs are pitched to two different batters. The balls are thrown every 5 seconds for 50 seconds, so a total of 10 balls are thrown. We now ask both batters how much time has passed. Let’s say that batter number one (who loves hitting) feels the duration to be 40 seconds. Batter number two (bored by baseball) believes it to be 60 seconds. Psychologically, then, the first person has experienced baseballs approaching every four seconds while the second sees it as every six seconds. The perceived tempo, in other words, is faster for batter number one.
A seventeen-year-old German boy named Erik Brandes stepped out onto the empty vast stage of the Cologne Opera House. It was the most exciting day of Erik’s life. The youngest concert promoter in Germany had persuaded the Opera House to host a late-night concert of improvised jazz by the American pianist Keith Jarrett. The concert was a sellout, and later that evening, Keith would sit down at the piano and play. But when Erik introduced Keith and his producer Manfred to the piano on the stage that afternoon, it didn’t go well. Keith and Manfred played a few notes. Then after a long silence, Manfred came to him and said, “Erik, if you don’t get another piano, Keith can’t play tonight.” Erik knew that Keith had requested a specific instrument, which the Opera House had agreed to provide. What he hadn’t realized was that the administrative staff hadn’t been able to find the requested Bösendorfer piano, and they had instead installed a tiny little Bösendorfer that was in poor condition. Understandably, Keith didn’t want to perform. He left and went to wait in his car, leaving Erik to anticipate the arrival of soon-to-be furious concert-goers. Desperate, the German teenager caught up with Keith and begged the jazz pianist to play. The pianist looked out at him standing in the rain, completely soaked, and took pity on him. “Never forget,” Keith said. “Only for you.” A few hours later, Keith walked out to the unplayable piano in front of a packed concert hall. When Keith began to play, everybody immediately knew this was magic. Erik too was deeply touched. Keith was unexpectedly producing the performance of a lifetime despite the shortcomings of the piano. His left hand produced thundering, repetitive bass riffs as a way of covering up the piano’s lack of resonance. Keith really had to play that piano very hard to get enough volume to get to the balconies. Standing up and sitting down, Keith played the unplayable piano to produce something unique. It wasn’t the music that he ever imagined playing. But faced with a challenge, he accepted it and flew high.

#2016 수능
Some people make few intentional changes in life. Sure, over time they may get fatter, gather lines, and go gray. But they wear their hair the same way, buy the same brand of shoes, eat the same breakfast, and stick to routines for no reason other than the ease of a comfortable, predictable life. Yet as both research and real life show, many others do make important changes. They train for marathons, quit smoking, switch fields, write plays, take up the guitar, or learn to tango even if they never danced before in their lives. What is the difference between these two groups of people? It’s their perspective. People who change do not question whether change is possible or look for reasons they cannot change. They simply decide on a change they want and do what is necessary to accomplish it. Changing, which always stems from a firm decision, becomes job number one.
Sometimes, after punishment has been administered a few times, it needn’t be continued, because the mere threat of punishment is enough to induce the desired behavior. Psychologists call this avoidance training because the person is learning to avoid the possibility of a punishing consequence. Avoidance training is responsible for many everyday behaviors. It has taught you to carry an umbrella when it looks like rain to avoid the punishment of getting wet, and to keep your hand away from a hot iron to avoid the punishment of a burn. Avoidance training, however, doesn’t always work in our favor. For instance, a child who has been repeatedly criticized for poor performance on math may learn to dodge difficult math problems in order to avoid further punishment. Unfortunately, because of this avoidance, the child fails to develop his math skills and therefore improve the capabilities he has, and so a vicious cycle has set in. The avoidance must be unlearned through some positive experiences with math in order for this cycle to be broken.
Remember when you were little and you imagined that adults had infinite power? Surely someone who could drive the car, open the juice container, and reach the sink could make it stop raining. I think that’s the same expectation that we have with respect to our dogs and their ability to smell. Because they are so good at using their noses, we assume that they can smell anything, anytime. But dogs use other senses, too, and the brains of both humans and dogs tend to intensify one sense at a time. Many owners have been snapped at by their dogs when they returned home with a new hairdo or a new coat. Surprised by the vision of an unfamiliar silhouette pushing into the house, these dogs were using their eyes instead of their noses. Their noses may be remarkable, but they’re not always switched on.
Money―beyond the bare minimum necessary for food and shelter― is nothing more than a means to an end. Yet so often we confuse means with ends, and sacrifice happiness (end) for money (means). It is easy to do this when material wealth is elevated to the position of the ultimate end, as it so often is in our society. This is not to say that the accumulation and production of material wealth is in itself wrong. Material prosperity can help individuals, as well as society, attain higher levels of happiness. Financial security can liberate us from work we do not find meaningful and from having to worry about the next paycheck. Moreover, the desire to make money can challenge and inspire us. Even so, it is not the money per se that is valuable, but the fact that it can potentially yield more positive experiences. Material wealth in and of itself does not necessarily generate meaning or lead to emotional wealth.
Food intake is essential for the survival of every living organism. The failure to detect spoiled or toxic food can have deadly consequences. Therefore, it is not surprising that humans use all their five senses to analyze food quality. A first judgment about the value of a food source is made on its appearance and smell. Food that looks and smells attractive is taken into the mouth. Here, based on a complex sensory analysis that is not only restricted to the sense of taste but also includes smell, touch, and hearing, the final decision whether to swallow or reject food is made. Frequently, this complex interaction between different senses is inappropriately referred to as ‘taste’ although it should be better called flavor perception, because it uses multiple senses.
Performance must be judged in terms of what is under the control of the individuals being evaluated rather than those influences on performance that are beyond their control. There can be broad, influential factors, sometimes of an economic nature, that hold down the performance of everyone being judged. One example is in sales. If there is a general downturn in the economy and products or services are not being purchased with the same frequency as in the previous year, sales could be down, for example, by an average of 15%. This 15% (actually －15%) figure would then represent “average” performance. Perhaps the best salesperson in the year had only a 3% drop in sales over the previous year. Thus, “good” performance in this situation is a smaller loss compared to some average or norm group
We might describe science that has no known practical value as basic science or basic research. Our exploration of worlds such as Jupiter would be called basic science, and it is easy to argue that basic science is not worth the effort and expense because it has no known practical use. Of course, the problem is that we have no way of knowing what knowledge will be of use until we acquire that knowledge. In the middle of the 19th century, Queen Victoria is supposed to have asked physicist Michael Faraday what good his experiments with electricity and magnetism were. He answered, “Madam, what good is a baby?” Of course, Faraday’s experiments were the beginning of the electronic age. Many of the practical uses of scientific knowledge that fill our world―transistors, vaccines, plastics― began as basic research. Basic scientific research provides the raw materials that technology and engineering use to solve problems. Basic scientific research has yet one more important use that is so valuable it seems an insult to refer to it as merely functional. Science is the study of nature, and as we learn more about how nature works, we learn more about what our existence in this universe means for us. The seemingly resourceful knowledge we gain from space probes to other worlds tells us about our planet and our own role in the scheme of nature. Science tells us where we are and what we are, and that knowledge is beyond value.
The midday sun was glorious. The high school grounds were filled with well-dressed people, posing in fancy dresses and suits for cheerful photographers. Congratulations, hugs, and laughter were contagious. Hannah looked at all the familiar faces that had been part of her life for the last few years. Soon her mother would be joining them. She recalled the first day of school when she had stood in that same place, in the middle of many anxious freshmen, some of whom had become her closest friends. That day was unusually foggy as if something mysterious were ahead. Hannah was nervous and trembling. The principal was energetically addressing them, talking of the challenges and thrills of high school life, but she could not concentrate. Later, a tall, strict-looking man introduced himself as her homeroom teacher. The classroom was old, but neat and inviting. Hannah was seated in the fifth row, hallway side, even though she had wanted a window seat. High school life soon proved as challenging as the principal had predicted. Hannah struggled with the many class hours, the endless assignments, and the exams. However, there were exciting events like sports days and school festivals. How could she ever forget her second year! She had sung and danced with her friends in the festival, part of a sensational performance. After that, she had become more confident and active. Her thoughts wandering, Hannah vaguely heard her mother’s voice. “Here you are!” Her mother hurried over, and gave her a bundle of lilies and roses and a big hug. “Hannah, you look so serious. What are you thinking about?” “Oh, Mom, just, you know.” Her mother smiled. “You’ll miss this place, won’t you?” Hannah nodded. “Quick,” her mother said, “stand over there... and smile, Hannah. You have such a pretty smile.” She hurried out her cell phone, zoomed in on her daughter, and realized suddenly that she was looking at a young lady. “You’re all grown-up,” she whispered. Hannah took more photos with her teachers in the school garden. She wished all the memories would remain in her mind forever.  

#2015 수능
The impact of color has been studied for decades. For example, in a factory, the temperature was maintained at 72℉ and the walls were painted a cool blue-green. The employees complained of the cold. The temperature was maintained at the same level, but the walls were painted a warm coral. The employees stopped complaining about the temperature and reported they were quite comfortable. The psychological effects of warm and cool hues seem to be used effectively by the coaches of the Notre Dame football team. The locker rooms used for half-time breaks were reportedly painted to take advantage of the emotional impact of certain hues. The home-team room was painted a bright red, which kept team members excited or even angered. The visiting-team room was painted a blue-green, which had a calming effect on the team members. The success of this application of color can be noted in the records set by Notre Dame football teams.
Food plays a large part in how much you enjoy the outdoors. The possibilities are endless, so you can constantly vary your diet. Wilderness dining has two extremes: gourmet eaters and survival eaters. The first like to make camp at lunchtime so they have several hours to set up field ovens; they bake cakes and bread and cook multi-course dinners. They walk only a few miles each day and may use the same campsite for several nights. Survival eaters eat some dry cereal for breakfast, and are up and walking within minutes of waking. They walk dozens of miles every day; lunch is a series of cold snacks eaten on the move. Dinner consists of a freeze-dried meal, “cooked” by pouring hot water into the package.
Exactly how cicadas keep track of time has always intrigued researchers, and it has always been assumed that the insects must rely on an internal clock. Recently, however, one group of scientists working with the 17-year cicada in California have suggested that the nymphs use an external cue and that they can count. For their experiments they took 15-year-old nymphs and moved them to an experimental enclosure. These nymphs should have taken a further two years to emerge as adults, but in fact they took just one year. The researchers had made this happen by lengthening the period of daylight to which the peach trees on whose roots the insects fed were exposed. By doing this, the trees were “tricked” into flowering twice during the year rather than the usual once. Flowering in trees coincides with a peak in amino acid concentrations in the sap that the insects feed on. So it seems that the cicadas keep track of time by counting the peaks.
Some years ago, a psychologist named Richard Lippa called a group of introverts to his lab and asked them to act like extroverts while pretending to teach a math class.  Then he and his team, with video cameras in hand, measured the length of their strides, the amount of eye contact they made with their “students,” the percentage of time they spent talking, and the volume of their speech. They also rated how generally extroverted those fake extroverts appeared, based on their recorded voices and body language. Then Lippa did the same thing with actual extroverts and compared the results. He found that although the latter group came across as more extroverted, some of the fake extroverts were surprisingly convincing. It seems that most of us know how to fake it to some extent. Whether or not we’re aware that the length of our strides and the amount of time we spend talking and smiling mark us as introverts and extroverts, we know it unconsciously.
Plato and Tolstoy both assume that it can be firmly established that certain works have certain effects. Plato is sure that the representation of cowardly people makes us cowardly; the only way to prevent this effect is to suppress such representations. Tolstoy is confident that the artist who sincerely expresses feelings of pride will pass those feelings on to us; we can no more escape than we could escape an infectious disease. In fact, however, the effects of art are neither so certain nor so direct. People vary a great deal both in the intensity of their response to art and in the form which that response takes. Some people may indulge fantasies of violence by watching a film instead of working out those fantasies in real life. Others may be disgusted by even glamorous representations of violence. Still others may be left unmoved, neither attracted nor disgusted
Increased size affects group life in a number of ways. There is evidence that larger groups (five or six members) are more productive than smaller groups (two or three members). Members of larger groups tend to offer more suggestions than members of smaller groups, and although they seem to reach less agreement, they also show less tension. These differences may reflect the greater need of larger groups to solve organizational problems. Members may realize that their behavior must become more goal-directed, since it is unlikely that they can coordinate their actions without making a special effort to do so. Larger groups also put more pressure on their members to conform. In such groups, it is harder for everyone to take part equally in discussions or to have the same amount of influence on decisions. There is evidence that groups with an even number of members differ from groups with an odd number of members. The former disagree more than the latter and suffer more deadlocks as a result. Groups with an even number of members may split into halves. This is impossible in groups with an odd number of members―one side always has a numerical advantage. According to some researchers, the number five has special significance. Groups of this size usually escape the problems we have just outlined. Moreover, they are not plagued by the fragility and tensions found in groups of two or three. Groups of five rate high in member satisfaction; because of the odd number of members, deadlocks are unlikely when disagreements occur
In my office, I have a framed letterfrom a couple of children I have never met. The letter holds a special significance for me. It reads, “Dear Dr. Brown, thanks for teaching Mr. Wills to teach Tisha and Kelly.” Mr. Wills is Jeremy Wills, and he is one of my former students. A few years back, he took my positive psychology class in college. After graduation, Jeremy joined an organization that recruits future leaders to teach in low-income communities. He was assigned to a small school in a poor rural county in North Carolina. Later, his assistant principal took note of Jeremy’s high expectations and asked him to take over his math class. He took charge of about a dozen failing “special ed” kids, and Tisha and Kelly were among them. His idealism ran high, and he thought he would be able to magically fix all of their problems. Before long, the reality hit Jeremy hard. Even after spending many hours each day preparing lesson plans, it became clear that his methods were not working. One of the worst moments was when he distributed a math test. Many students didn’t even look at the exam. They just put their heads on their desks and slept. Jeremy became so stressed that he even dreaded going into his classroom. Jeremy knew something had to change. (e)He then thought back to my class, remembering how negative emotions can drag you down, leaving positive emotions unnoticed. That’s when he decided to focus more on building positive attitudes within the classroom. He borrowed lessons from my positive psychology class and even mentioned my name to his students. As the students’ attitudes became more optimistic, their confidence with math grew too. At the end of the school year, 80 percent of Jeremy’s students passed the state’s math test.

#2014-B 수능
We tend to perceive the door of a classroom as rectangular no matter from which angle it is viewed. Actually, the rectangular door of a classroom projects a rectangular image on our retina only when it is viewed directly from the front. At other angles, the image will be seen as a trapezoid. The edge of the door towards us looks wider than the edge hinged with the frame. Slowly the trapezoid becomes thinner and thinner, and all that is projected on the retina is a vertical line, which is the thickness of the door. These changes we can observe and distinguish, but we do not accept them. Similarly, a round coin is seen as round even when viewed from an angle at which, objectively, it should appear elliptical. In the same way, we see car wheels as round, even though the retinal image is oval when viewed from an angle other than directly from the front.
It’s important that the media provide us with diverse and opposing views, so we can choose the best available options. Let’s take the example of going to war. War should be a last resort, obviously, undertaken when all other options have failed. So, when someone is threatening to go to war, or trying to convince us and mounting a huge public relations campaign to justify it, the news media have a responsibility to question everything. They should be providing the most intense scrutiny on our behalf, so the public can see the other side of things. Otherwise, we may be drawn into unnecessary wars, or wars fought for reasons other than those presented by governments and generals. Most of the time, the media fail to perform this crucial role. Even the large, so-called ‘liberal’ American media have admitted that they have not always been watchdogs for the public interest, and that their own coverage on some major issues “looks strikingly one-sided at times.”
Low-balling describes the technique where two individuals arrive at an agreement and then one increases the cost to be incurred by the other. For example, after the consumer has agreed to purchase a car for $8,000, the salesperson begins to add on $100 for tax and $200 for tires. These additional costs might be thought of as a metaphorical ‘low ball’ that the salesperson throws the consumer. One explanation for the effectiveness of low-balling is in terms of self-perception theory. When the consumer agrees to purchase the product under the original terms, that behavior might be used by the consumer to infer his sincere interest in the product. This inferred sincere interest in the product may enable him to endure the increased cost. An alternative explanation is in terms of impression management theory. If the consumer were to withdraw from the deal after the ‘slight’ change in the terms of agreement, he might foster the rather undesirable impression of being an irresponsible consumer unaware of these necessary charges.
There is a difference between getting what you want and getting what you think you want. Technology gives us more and more of what we think we want. These days, looking at sociable robots and digitized friends, one might assume that what we want is to be always in touch and never alone, no matter who or what we are in touch with. One might assume that what we want is plenty of weak ties, the informal networks that underpin online acquaintanceship. But if we pay attention to the real consequences of what we think we want, we may discover what we really want. We may want some stillness and solitude. As an American writer once put it, we may want to live less ‘thickly’ and wait for more infrequent but meaningful face-to-face encounters. As we put in our many hours of typing―with all fingers or just thumbs ―we may discover that we miss the human voice. We may decide that it is fine to play chess with a robot, but that robots are unfit for any conversation about family or friends. A robot might have needs, but to understand desire, one needs language and flesh. We may decide that for these conversations, we must have a person who knows, firsthand, what it means to be born, to have parents and a family, to wish for love and perhaps children, and to anticipate death. And, of course, we must not let the virtual take us away from the real world that doesn’t go away with a power outage.
How much space do you need to be happy? Part of the American story is that bigger is better, and with cheap credit and tax breaks for home buyers, it’s tempting to stretch one’s finances to build or buy a larger house. My grandpa Otto chose a different path. He didn’t want to find himself working longer and longer hours just to pay for more space and the stuff to fill it. He grew up in a farming community and within a very large family, so living simply was integral to his life philosophy. In the 1950s, when my dad was a little boy, my grandpa built a 600-square-foot cottage. He put the twenty-bythirty-foot structure on a small plot of land in Pleasant Hill. Dad remarked, “Reusing and recycling was a necessity. In essence, he was recycling before it became ‘cool.’” Grandpa got most of the materials for his little house from the Oakland docks, where he was working. It took four years to build the small cottage, and when they moved in, the roof wasn’t even on! My dad recalled looking up at the stars in the roofless house as a twelve-year-old kid before falling asleep. Dad didn’t mind living in an unfinished house. He described Pleasant Hill as “open and private. It felt like all the homes were on ten acres.” Over the years, my dad and grandpa noticed dramatic changes in their community. Each year more farmland was devoured to build strip malls and neighborhoods with larger homes. As real estate prices rose, many of their neighbors sold their homes and lots. Soon my grandpa had the only small house on the block, surrounded by a sea of homes four times the size of his dwelling. Yet my grandpa loved his little home and was content with what he had. Even though the house was small, it didn’t feel cramped. As my dad said, “Everyone was happy and content. The size of the house didn’t matter.” My grandpa taught me that living a simple life isn’t about self-deprivation. Instead, it’s about giving yourself the time, freedom, and money to pursue your dreams. In many ways, I’ve modeled my life after that of my grandpa. I learned from him that simplicity isn’t about austerity. It’s a revolution in personal growth. 

#2014-A 수능
You have probably heard about sending messages across the sea in bottles. The problem is, it is impossible to tell how long it will take the sea to deliver its bottled messages or where it will wash them up. In 1493, Christopher Columbus sent one of the earliest and most famous bottled messages. He was returning to Spain to tell the king and queen about what he had discovered, when his ship got caught in a bad storm. Columbus was still more than a thousand miles from Europe, and he feared he would never live to tell the king and queen of his discovery. So he wrote the news on a piece of paper. He put it in a wooden bottle and tossed it overboard. More than 300 years later, it was found by the captain of an American ship off the coast of Africa, near Morocco.
Life can be like riding a roller coaster. There are ups and downs, fast and slow parts, bumps and shaky parts, and even times when you’re upside down. You can’t control which way the track (or in this case, life events) will take you. When you’re at the bottom, you can see only what’s right in front of you, but when you get to the top, you can see the whole picture a lot better. When you’re starting out, accept how you feel and try to enjoy the ride. When it’s over, you’ll see that it was really cool― even if you couldn’t see that when you first started.
As Tom was waiting for a bus, he noticed a blind man trying to cross the street. The traffic was heavy, and it was likely the blind man would get hit, as he was not crossing at a crosswalk. Tom looked around and saw there was no one else to help, so he asked the blind man if he would like help crossing the street. The blind man readily said yes, then latched onto Tom’s arm, and they began their walk across the street avoiding speeding cars. When Tom had helped the blind man to cross the street, he realized he had left his book bag on the bus stop bench. When Tom looked back at the bus stop bench, he saw another man sitting next to his book bag. And when Tom got to the bus stop bench, the man said, “I saw what you were doing, so I decided to sit here and watch your book bag.”
It is well known that some baseball parks are better for hitting home runs than others. It is not just the size of the park that matters. Other park conditions such as wind and humidity also affect whether a ball sails over the fences, and players know this. So what happens when a player is moved to a team whose baseball park has better conditions for home runs than his current one― say, 28 percent better? One analysis found that the player hit 60 percent more home runs. Why? The answer lies in how achievable you think the goal is. If you think you are likely to hit more home runs, you are more likely to swing for the fences. But if you think your chance of hitting a home run is smaller, your brain will send you signals to just try for a single to get on base. In business and life, just as in baseball, our perceptions can affect whether we swing for the fences or not. The baseball research shows us that what matters is not the actual distance to the fence but what our brains recognize that distance to be. Consider your work and your current life. Do the fences seem too far away to hit a home run? Simply adjust the fences so that it seems easier.
Mom once said that my grandmother came to America as a poor uneducated Greek immigrant at eighteen. My grandmother wanted to go to school, but the harsh immigrant life pushed her to support her family. Though she never learned to read in school, she knew many traditional stories from her home country. My grandmother liked to tell me these interesting stories at night. I still remember a few stories in which the gods made promises with each other like humans. Those who broke their promises were punished. While listening to the stories, I decided that I would not break any promises. The morals of her stories taught me how I should live my life. One day, when I saw my grandmother on the street by chance, I noticed that she had difficulty in reading an English sign. Right at that moment, it hit upon me to teach her to read English in return for all she had taught me. I talked to my mom about it, and she was delighted with my plan. So my grandmother and I worked hard together using books for beginners. My efforts were rewarded only a month later on the morning of my eighteenth birthday. My grandmother decorated a cake with “HAPPY BIRTHDAY BETTY.” I had only taught her the basics of reading, but she had written these words all by herself. Touched by this simple message, I said, “It’s not just my birthday, Grandma. You stepped into this country at eighteen. Now, you are stepping into another new world. So it’s your birthday, too.”

#2013 수능
Apologies often fail. One reason apologies fail is that the “offender” and the “victim” usually see the event differently. Examining personal narratives, researchers have found that those who cause harm tend to minimize the offense―probably to protect themselves from shame and guilt. They also tend to downplay the consequences of their actions. These tendencies can inflame the anger of the hurt person, who, in contrast, may see an offense as bigger than it really is. Those who are hurt tend to see the act as one with severe consequences and as part of an ongoing pattern that is inexcusable and immoral. Each person has his or her own truth, and there is distortion on both sides. Therefore, to apologize sincerely we must first listen attentively to how the other person really feels about what happened―not simply assert what we think happened.
When you walk into a store, you are besieged by information. Even purchases that seem simple can quickly turn into a cognitive quagmire. Look at the jam aisle. A glance at the shelves can inspire a whole range of questions. Should you buy the smooth-textured strawberry jam or the one with less sugar? Does the more expensive jam taste better? Rational models of decision-making suggest that the way to find the best product is to take all of this information into account and to carefully analyze the different brands on display. But this method can backfire. When we spend too much time thinking in the supermarket, we can trick ourselves into choosing the wrong things for the wrong reasons. Making better decisions when picking out jams or bottles of wine is best done with the emotional brain, which generates its verdict automatically.
Once upon a time, there was only one way to launch a hit album: radio. Nothing else reached as many people, as often. Getting on a radio playlist was difficult, but once a song was in heavy rotation on the radio, it had a high probability of selling. Then, in the 1980s, came MTV, which became the second way to create a hit. It had even more limited capacity for new music, but its influence over a generation was unparalleled. For the music labels, those were good times; it was a brutally competitive business, but it was a business they knew.  They understood the rules, and they could earn their keep by working them. But now rock radio is in seemingly terminal decline and MTV doesn’t show many music videos anymore. So how to market music? Labels know the answer lies online, tapping the word-of-mouth forces that are replacing traditional marketing in creating demand, but they’re still trying to figure out exactly how best to do it.
Research has shown that we automatically assign to good-looking individuals such favorable traits as talent, kindness, honesty, and intelligence. Furthermore, we make these judgements without being aware that physical attractiveness plays a role in the process. Some consequences of this unconscious assumption that “good-looking equals good” scare me. For example, a study of the 1974 Canadian federal elections found that attractive candidates received more than two and a half times as many votes as unattractive candidates. Despite such evidence of favoritism toward handsome politicians, follow-up research demonstrated that voters did not realize their bias. In fact, 73 percent of Canadian voters surveyed denied in the strongest possible terms that their votes had been influenced by physical appearance; only 14 percent even allowed for the possibility of such influence. Voters can deny the impact of attractiveness on electability all they want, but evidence has continued to confirm its troubling presence. 
“Why, in country after country that mandated seat belts, was it impossible to see the promised reduction in road accident fatalities?” John Adams, professor of geography at University College London, wrote in one of his many essays on risk. “It appears that measures that protect drivers from the consequences of bad driving encourage bad driving. The principal effect of seat belt legislation has been a shift in the burden of risk from those already best protected in cars, to the most vulnerable, pedestrians and cyclists, outside cars.” Adams started to group these counterintuitive findings under the concept of risk compensation, the idea that humans have an inborn tolerance for risk. As safety features are added to vehicles and roads, drivers feel less vulnerable and tend to take more chances. The phenomenon can be observed in all aspects of our daily lives. Children who wear protective gear during their games have a tendency to take more physical risks. Hikers take more risks when they think a rescuer can access them easily.
What should writers do when they’re teased by intriguing but elusive ideas, by hints of thoughts that seem too vague to be expressed in words? Edgar Allan Poe’s advice is simple: They should pick up their pens (or, he might add today, power up their laptops). Poe dismisses the argument that any ideas are so deep or subtle that they’re “beyond the compass of words.” “For my own part,” he said in an 1846 article in Graham’s Magazine, “I have never had a thought which I could not set down in words, with even more distinctness than that with which I conceived it.” The “mere act” of writing, Poe believed, helps writers make their ideas not only clearer but more logical. To use his phrase, the process of writing contributes to “the logicalization of thought.” Whenever he felt dissatisfied with a vague “conception of the brain,” Poe said, “I resort forthwith to the pen, for the purpose of obtaining, through its aid, the necessary form, consequence and precision.” Today’s advocates of freewriting would probably agree with Poe on this point. Sometimes, the best way to resolve a dilemma―whether it’s a writing dilemma or a thinking dilemma― is simply to start writing.
On May 29th there was a heavy rain but the sun came out the next day. Driving back from the village, I stopped the car because a small woodchuck was traveling along the road, its belly almost flat to the gravel. I got out, took off my sweater, threw it over the woodchuck and wrapped him in it, then put him on the floor of the car while I drove home. I guessed the rain had washed out his burrow. If I hadn’t come along he would have eventually died of starvation. Rescuing him, I felt as large as Fate. At home I put him in the bathtub and my husband found a large carton. He put cat litter in the bottom and straw on top of that. When I put the chuck in, he gratefully burrowed into the straw. I made a mixture of milk and baby cereal for him. When I gave it to the chuck, he ate it greedily. He accepted me quickly. If I put my hand in the carton, he nibbled my fingers. It became clear that I was imprinting the woodchuck and vice versa. Very shortly the carton seemed too small. I offered him a nest made of a covered box, bedded with straw and with a round doorway cut in the front. He knew instantly that a hole spells home, and he dashed inside. Every time I came to feed him, he jumped into my lap as eagerly as ever. As the months passed, the chuck grew bigger and bigger. My husband remarked that if I didn’t do something soon, I would be chased around for the rest of my days by a 15-pound woodchuck begging for milk. I decided to put him in a new burrow. I found a hole along the wall of our orchard, put the chuck near it and left him. I continued to visit him with his milk. Each time he greeted me joyfully, drank greedily, and tried persistently to follow me back into the house. The parting came unexpectedly. I went away on a brief trip. When I came back, I saw no sign of him. In the spring when I see a large, handsome woodchuck playing on the grass, I will hope that it is he.

#2012 수능
Do you worry about losing your good health? Do you fear that crime, war, or terrorist attacks will disrupt the economy and your security? These are legitimate concerns that many people share. We live in difficult and uncertain times. But are these fears real? Research shows that people who watch a lot of news on television overestimate the threats to their well-being. Why? It’s because television focuses on news that makes the world seem like a more dangerous place than it actually is. Afraid of the world that is portrayed on TV, people stay in their homes with close family and do not build bonds with their neighbors. Thus they become more vulnerable. Surrounding ourselves with a wall of fear, however, is not the answer. The only way to overcome this problem is to be more connected to others, and this connection will reduce fear and isolation.
Sperm whales travel in social groups that cooperate to defend and protect each other, and may even share suckling of calves. It is difficult to determine the membership of these groups from sightings alone, because of the practical difficulties of observing whale behavior, most of which happens underwater. To make things even more difficult, sperm whales can travel across entire oceans and can dive to a depth of a kilometer. Biologists who study whale behavior generally have to be content with hanging around in boats, waiting for their subjects to surface. But when they do surface, in addition to taking photos which allow individual whales to be identified, biologists can zip over in worryingly small boats and pick up the bits of skin that the whales leave behind on the surface when they re-submerge. The DNA extracted from these bits of whale skin not only identifies the individuals in the group, but also reveals their relationships to each other. This has allowed researchers to describe sperm whale social groups in detail.
Mediation is a process that has much in common with advocacy but is also crucially different. It parallels advocacy in so far as it tends to involve a process of negotiation, but differs in so far as mediation involves adopting a neutral role between two opposing parties  rather than taking up the case of one party against another. At times, particularly in very complex situations, the processes of advocacy and mediation can overlap, perhaps with very problematic results, as one loses clarity over his or her role. It is therefore important, if not essential, to maintain a clear focus in undertaking advocacy or mediation in order to ensure that the roles do not become blurred and therefore potentially counterproductive. For example, a mediator who ‘takes sides’ is likely to lose all credibility, as is an advocate who seeks to adopt a neutral position.
When I was a freshman in high school, I won second prize in our local newspaper’s essay contest on the theme of ‘future career.’ I wrote about wanting to become a journalist. We had to collect our prizes at the local variety store and, while waiting in line, a little notebook in the stationery department caught my eye. It was a black and red hardcover book with the word ‘Record’ neatly engraved in gold on the cover. I reasoned that since I was going to be a journalist, I’d need a very special notebook in which to write. So I bought it. But I put the notebook away and promptly forgot about it and about becoming a journalist. Painting became my great love. Upon graduating from high school, I went to college as a fine art major and English minor. After becoming a professional artist, marriage followed, then the birth of two daughters. A career change came next which led to teaching underprivileged young children in Los Angeles. The years passed. Then during a serious illness when I was thirty-five, I found the little notebook I had purchased twenty years earlier. From my sick bed I noticed it on a nearby shelf. It was still blank but something told me to write my deepest feelings and thoughts, my pain and fear, my wishes and dreams, the words of my inner world. This was my first ‘official’ journal. And the process of journal-keeping through writing and drawing helped heal me from a mysterious illness which had defied the doctors and their medicines. My life changed so much after that. I began listening to my own feelings and inner wisdom. The insights I gained through journal-keeping led me into a new career as an art therapist and teacher of diary writing and drawing. More importantly, I learned to play and enjoy life again. For instance, several years after recovering from my illness, I started skateboarding for the first time in my life and loved it. I’m grateful to that high school girl that I was for having the sense to buy a little blank book. I used it to save my life and to help others. 
Since the beginning of time, the mysterious nature of dreaming has led people to believe that dreams were messages from the other world. Dreams have been regarded as prophetic communications which, when properly decoded, would enable us to foretell the future. There is, however, absolutely no scientific evidence for this theory. It is certainly true that individuals who are concerned about a traumatic event, such as the threat of the loss of a loved one who is sick, will dream about that loved one more than would otherwise be the case. If the dreamer then calls and finds that the loved one has died, it is understandable for him or her to assume that the dream was a premonition of that death. But this is a mistake. It is simply a(n)  correspondence between a situation about which one has intense concern and the occurrence of the event that one fears. To prove the existence of premonitory dreams, scientific evidence must be obtained. We would need to do studies in which individuals are sampled in terms of their dream life and judges are asked to make correspondences between these dream events and events that occurred in real life. A problem that arises here is that individuals who believe in premonitory dreams may give one or two striking examples of ‘hits,’ but they never tell you how many of their premonitory dreams ‘missed.’ To do a scientific study of dream prophecy, we would need to establish some base of how commonly coincidental correspondences occur between dream and waking reality. Until we have that evidence, it is better to believe that the assumption is false.

#2011 수능
The body has been viewed as a ‘natural’ phenomenon ―a fixed, unchanging fact of nature. Recently, however, it is also being seen as a part of culture in the sense that it can be socially defined in different ways. Social definitions of the body are grounded in social relations and influenced by those with the power to promote agreement about what should be considered ‘natural’ when it comes to the body. This new way of thinking about the body has challenged the traditional mind-body split that has characterized Western thought since the time of Plato.  It has also opened up new questions and issues in the sociology of sport. Some people in the sociology of sport are now working with colleagues in other disciplines who share interests in the body. In their work they are asking critical questions about how the body is trained, disciplined, and manipulated in sports and how some sport scientists are using technology to probe, monitor, test, evaluate, and rehabilitate the body as a performance machine. 
Why eat a cookie? Some reasons might be to satisfy your hunger, to increase your sugar level, or just to have something to chew on. However, recent success in the packaged-cookie market suggests that these may not be the only, or perhaps even the most important, reasons. It appears that cookie-producing companies are becoming aware of some other influences and, as a result, are delivering to the market products resulting from their awareness. These relatively new product offerings are usually referred to as ‘soft’ or ‘chewy’ cookies, to distinguish them from the more typical crunchy varieties. Why all the fuss over their introduction? Apparently much of their appeal has to do with childhood memories of sitting on the back steps devouring those melt-in-your-mouth cookies that were delivered by Mom straight from the oven, while they were still soft. This emotional and sensory appeal of soft cookies is apparently at least as strong as are the physical cravings that the product satisfies.
Unlike the modern society, the primitive society has less specialized knowledge to transmit, and since its way of life is enacted before the eyes of all, it has no need to create a separate institution of education such as the school. Instead, the child acquires the heritage of his culture by observing and imitating adults in such activities as rituals, hunts, festivals, cultivation, and harvesting. As a result, there is little or none of that alienation of young from old so marked in modern industrial societies. A further reason for this alienation in modern societies is that in his conception of reality the modern adult owes less to his direct experience and more to the experience of his culture than does primitive man. Clearly, his debt to culture will vary with the nature of his education. Hence, the contemporary child must travel much further than the offspring of primitive man to acquire the world view of his elders. He is, therefore, that much more removed from the adults of his society.
Many people believe that it is critical to share similar, if not identical, beliefs and values with someone with whom they have a relationship. While this may seem preferable, it is far from mandatory. Individuals from extremely diverse backgrounds have learned to overlook their differences and live harmonious, loving lives together. I’ve seen people from opposite ends of the spectrum economically and politically that ended up in happy, lasting marriages. I’ve seen couples from different ethnic groups merge into harmonious relationships, and I’ve seen people from different religions come together for a strong, lasting bond. Furthermore, many good friends have little in common except a warm loving feeling of respect and rapport. That’s the only essential thing. People who enjoy the best relationships with others, who live life with the least frustration regarding their differences, have learned that differences are to be expected, a fact of life. This understanding must go beyond a mere intellectual ‘I know we’re all different.’ You must truly own this idea and incorporate it into your daily life. The way I see it, we have only two realistic choices. We can resist the principle of separate realities and remain frustrated and angry over the fact that no one seems to conform to our way of thinking, or we can strive to understand what in Eastern philosophy is called ‘the way of things.’ Separate realities is the way things really are. Everyone is unique and has different gifts to offer. When we look for these gifts we will surely find them―and in doing so, we will open the door to a world of personal growth.
After several futile attempts to teach the role of theme, or the prominent repeated melody, in classical music, the teacher was at wit’s end. Having reminded her students many times that composers like Wagner depended on the listeners’ remembering the earlier theme to recognize its later use, she was determined to make her students understand that themes recur throughout a piece. She knew that her class had little trouble with simple variations and could easily identify themes that were repeated in a similar way. But when the theme showed much variation, the students’ attention focused on the new detail to such an extent that they no longer ‘heard’ the basic theme. For a week or two, the teacher worried about the problem. Other teachers advised her to go on with something else, but she continued to search for a solution. With this problem in mind, one afternoon during the lunch hour, she noticed a group of students gathered in a corner of the school yard. Several girls were moving their bodies rhythmically. Curious, she drew closer and found that the students were listening to a new rock hit. A girl in the center of the group held a tape recorder in her hand. At that moment, a sudden inspiration took hold. The following day in class, she asked how many students had tape recorders. A dozen or so students said, “I do.” The teacher said excitedly, “I have an idea. Let’s play Beethoven’s Eroica again. One of you can record the theme when it’s first introduced. Then later, someone else can record it the second time it appears. Finally, we’ll have another person record when it appears next. Then we can start all three tape recorders at exactly the same time to see if the recordings fit!” Her students looked at her in surprise. Suddenly, however, delight appeared on their faces. And so it was done. When they played the recordings simultaneously, the sounds blended sufficiently for the students to recognize their commonality.

#2010 수능
Rosalyn’s parents did everything possible to avoid favoring one child over the others, and this resulted in her feelings being hurt. One year Rosalyn asked her mother to prepare a special treat for her birthday: the honey cake that Rosalyn had always loved. Her mother said she couldn’t. If she made a honey cake for Rosalyn, she’d have to make cakes for Rosalyn’s two sisters, and she didn’t have time to make three cakes. In the end, her mother did give Rosalyn a honey cake on her birthday―a really small one, because she split the batter for one cake into three parts, to treat her daughters equally. Upon receiving the cake, Rosalyn became disappointed. It was, after all, her birthday; couldn’t she be singled out on one day of the year? A parent’s admirable efforts not to play favorites can mean that no child gets the whole cake of parental love.
Many years ago, psychologists performed an experiment in which they put a number of people in a room, alone except for a ring toss set. It was one of those children’s toys with a short wooden post held upright on the floor and a bunch of round rings. The subjects were left alone to amuse themselves as best they could. As expected, with time to kill, they began trying to toss the rings around the post. What the psychologists discovered was that most of the people moved far enough away from the post so that tossing the rings around it was challenging but not so difficult as to be totally frustrating. In other words, they deliberately positioned themselves between frustration on the one hand and boredom on the other. The process of alternately producing and relieving tension was what made the activity stimulating.
On the wall of our dining room was a framed quotation: “Let me live in a house by the side of the road and be a friend to man.” It inspired in me countless childhood daydreams about meeting new people from exotic places. I was a child who desperately wanted to connect with others. We did live ‘by the side of the road’―on Route 9 between Keene and Portsmouth―but in a place so remote it was extremely difficult to be a ‘friend to man.’ One day when our family drove into town, I focused intently on the big, paper, grocery store signs advertising the same type of produce that we grew: ‘carrots, 50 cents a bunch,’ ‘tomatoes, 99 cents a pound.’ Meanwhile, I thought of how the type of ‘imperfect’ produce we ate for dinner, just as healthy as that sold at the store, was often tossed on the compost heap or left in the ground. The unattractive produce such as crooked carrots and odd-looking tomatoes was not valuable to the grocery store, where only ‘perfect’ produce was sold. But I knew they would have value to people who would chop them into salads or soups, can them, or use them to make pies, because that is what our family did with them. They were fresh and clean and came straight from the good earth. Why couldn’t others also benefit from that value? I could save people the trouble of going into the store by making my produce accessible at the side of the road, and that would provide value, too. Surely I could convince people to pay half of what the grocery store charged and to feel lucky about the bargain. Suddenly, I saw a connection between those bumpy vegetables on our table and the quotation on the wall; I found a way to satisfy my longing for new friends. These homely fruits and vegetables would become my golden apples.
A friend of mine and his wife were in Hawaii, standing on a beach, watching a beautiful sunset ―hardly able to believe how magnificent the sight was. A woman approached them and overheard my friend’s wife say, “I can’t believe how beautiful this is.” While walking away from the spectacular display, the woman said, “You should have seen it in Tahiti.” When your attention is not on the present moment but on something else, you will tend to compare even good experiences with others, as the Tahiti traveler did, or you will wonder about future experiences instead of enjoying the present one, and regret past experiences because they are already over. But as you learn to bring your attention back to the here and now, life will come alive again, providing the enjoyment and satisfaction it was meant to. Thus, when you live in the present moment, one of the nice things that happens to you is that ordinary, everyday life takes on a new significance. Taking walks, watching a sunset, gardening, reading a book, all begin to feel special. When your attention is brought back to the here and now, you engage in life rather than think about life

#2009 수능
Now many kinds of superior coffee beans are being decaffeinated in ways that conserve strong flavor. But the public suffers from a groundless fear of chemical decaffeination and prefers instead to buy water-processed decaf. Every process of decaffeination, whether chemical- or water-based, starts with steaming the green beans to loosen the bonds of caffeine. In the chemical process, a solvent circulates through the beans. The solvent comes into direct contact with them, carrying the caffeine with it. The drained solvent is then mixed with water, and the caffeine is drawn out to be sold. In the water process, however, no solvent touches the beans. After the beans are steamed, they are soaked in water, which removes the caffeine along with all the soluble solids in the beans. The solution is drained off to a separate tank, where the caffeine is drawn out from it.
Whether their grandchildren have special needs or not, grandparents shouldn’t overlook the value of incidental learning experiences. Every day, opportunities exist in the form of errands, meal preparation, and chores. At the farmers’ market, for example, a child might discover a new meaning for the word ‘ears’ when choosing corn. Similarly, when filling the tank at the gas station, older children can compare prices and practice estimation, asking questions such as “How much do you think it will cost to fill the tank?” One grandmother hires her grandchildren to help with gardening chores. As a result, they can learn the names of flowers and understand the tools and processes involved in growing vegetables. Activities like these also enhance the value of hard work and persistence.
Everywhere in the world, the issue of how to manage urban growth poses the highest stakes, complex policy decisions, and strongly heated conflicts in the public area. The contrast between Western Europe and America is particularly sharp. In Western Europe, steep gasoline taxes, investment policies favoring built-up areas over undeveloped greenfields, continuous investment in public transportation, and other policies have produced relatively compact cities. Cities in Western Europe tend to be economically healthy compared with their suburbs. By contrast, in the United States, cheap gas, massive highway investment, policies that favor construction on the edges of cities, and heavy reliance on property taxes to fund public schools have encouraged much more car-reliant and spread-out urban areas, where eight in ten Americans now live.
One Saturday during the summer, I asked my father if he would go down to the schoolyard and play basketball with me. I had just finished the fifth grade, and wanted desperately to make the middle school team the coming fall. I couldn’t believe my ears when he called for my mother and sister to come along, for, in the traditional fashion, my mother was the house accountant, the launderer, and, of course, the cook. When we arrived, my sister immediately ran off to the swings, and I recall being annoyed that my mother wasn’t following her. I dribbled awkwardly around the free-throw line, almost losing control of the ball, and made a flat shot that bounced wildly off the basket. The ball fell to my father, who took a few not so graceful dribbles and missed an easy layup. He rebounded his shot and passed the ball to my mother, who had been watching us from the foul line.  She turned from the basket and began heading the other way. “Um-mah,” I cried at her, my irritation already bubbling over, “the basket’s over here!” After a few steps she turned around, and from where the professional three-point line must be now, she effortlessly flipped the ball up in the air, its flight truer and higher than I’d witnessed from any boy or man. The ball curved cleanly into the basket, stiffly popping the chain-link net. All afternoon, she rained in shot after shot, as my father and I ran after her. When we got home from the playground, my mother showed me the photograph album of her high school days. I was shocked to learn that she had been the top player for the national high school team that once won the all-Asia championships. For years I kept it in my room, on the same shelf that housed the scrapbooks I made of basketball stars, with magazine clippings of great players such as Bubbles Hawkins, Pistol Pete, and George Gervin.
Some scientists have shown the practical power of looking at the world through ‘could-be’ eyes. When a group of students were shown an unfamiliar rubbery object and told, “This could be a dog’s chewy toy,” they were later able to see that it might also be of use as an eraser when they made some pencil mistakes. In contrast, students who were told that it was a dog’s chewy toy did not find its alternative use. Another group of students watched a video about physics after being told, “This presents only one of several outlooks on physics. Please feel free to use any additional methods you want to assist you in solving the problems.” On tests of factual comprehension, these students performed no differently from students who had watched the video with a different introduction: “This presents the outlook on physics. Please use the method you see in the video in solving the problems.” But when they were faced with questions that asked them to use the information more creatively, the ‘could-be’ students performed much better than the others. Just a simple change of language seemed to invite the students to process and store information in a much more flexible format, and thus be able to look at it and make use of it in different ways.

#2008 수능
Why is it that if you tickle yourself, it doesn’t tickle, but if someone else tickles you, you cannot stand it? If someone was tickling you and you managed to remain relaxed, it would not affect you at all. Of course, it would be difficult to stay relaxed, because tickling causes tension for most of us, such as feelings of unease. The tension is due to physical contact, the lack of control, and the fear of whether it will tickle or hurt. However, when you try to tickle yourself, you are in complete control of the situation. There is no need to get tense and therefore, no reaction. You will notice the same effect if you close your eyes, breathe calmly, and manage to relax the next time someone tickles you. 
One of the toughest parts of isolation is a lack of an expressive exit. With anger, you can get mad at someone and yell. With sadness, you can cry. But isolation feels like being in a room with no way out. And the longer you get stuck there, the harder it becomes to share the pain and sorrow. In isolation, hope disappears, despair rules, and you can no longer see a life beyond the invisible walls that imprison you. Some people find it helpful to work gently at driving themselves back into the world. In one case, a woman reported that after four miserable forced lunches with friends, she suddenly enjoyed the fifth one as she found herself laughing at a joke. For people who cannot push themselves, however, support groups are a good cure for isolation. They offer the opportunity for connection in a safe and controlled way. 
With the rise of the social sciences, and especially the anthropology of the 1930s and thereafter, words like ‘savage’ and ‘primitive’ began to disappear from the vocabulary of cultural studies, along with the notion that the people who had once borne these labels represented a biologically less evolved form of humanity. Medical science could find no difference in the brains of the former primitives to account for their different behavior; colonists necessarily observed that yesterday’s ‘savage’ might be today’s shopkeeper, soldier, or servant. As humanity began to look more like a family of potential equals, Westerners had to accept that the behavior found in native cultures was not the distinctive feature of savage ‘otherness’ but the expression of a capacity that may exist, for better or for worse, in all of us.
“There is a good reason to make this trip to the Island of Paradise,” Captain Koppe told himself as he stepped out of the elevator car into the covered rooftop hangar of his house. The journey itself would be of use. There were times when it was important to be alone, to have time to think. Alone even from one’s personal robot, from one’s trusted wife. Captain Koppe sensed that this was one of those times when he had to be alone if for no other reason than to remind himself that he would have to make his decision alone. And he would have the duration of the flight all to himself. The thought appealed to him as he powered up the aircar and it lifted a half-meter or so off the deck of the hangar. The outer doors opened, and the aircar slowly eased out into the driving rain. Suddenly, it was in the middle of the storm, jumping and swinging in the darkness, the rain crashing down on the windows with incredible violence. The storm boomed and roared outside the long-range aircar as it fought for altitude, the banging and clattering getting worse with every moment.  Smooth sailing after the storm, the aircar arrived at the orbit of the Island of Paradise. Captain Koppe looked out at the Island through the window. He had been longing for it since his childhood. At that moment, his family picture posted on the inside of the aircar came into his eyes. All of a sudden, he had an irresistible urge to go to see his beloved wife and his two sons. He turned his back on the Island of Paradise and directed it toward the homeland.

#2007 수능
Footwear has a history which goes back thousands of years, and it has long been an article of necessity. The earliest footwear was undoubtedly born of the necessity to provide some protection when moving over rough ground in varying weather conditions. In ancient times, as today, the basic type of shoes worn depended on the climate. For instance, in warmer areas the sandal was, and still is, the most popular form of footwear, whereas the modern moccasin derives from the original shoes adopted in cold climates by races such as Eskimos and Siberians. Shoes have not always served such a purely functional purpose, however, and the requirements of fashion have dictated some curious designs, not all of which made walking easy.
In the early 1960s, London Bridge was in trouble. Cars, trucks, and buses were too heavy for it, and the bridge was sinking into the Thames river. London city officials wanted to build a new bridge, and a businessman named Robert McCulloch decided to buy the old bridge and move it to Arizona. Workers disassembled the bridge in 1968, numbering the bricks, and sent them to Los Angeles. From there they were taken to Arizona and were reassembled by workers in the Arizona desert. The bridge was finally completed in 1971. However, McCulloch knew he needed more than a famous bridge to attract people to Lake Havasu City, so he created an English village with typical English shops and restaurants. Today, London Bridge is one of Arizona’s biggest attractions.
People who run sports camps think of the children first. They do their best to create enjoyable and protective environments in which the children feel comfortable and safe. Unfortunately, some sports coaches in the camps occasionally become over-enthusiastic in their desire to help the children excel. As a result, they put pressure on them to perform at high levels, win at all costs, and keep playing, even when they get hurt. This ‘no pain, no gain’ approach is extremely stressful, and leads to unnecessary injuries. Parents should therefore take care when they send their children to a sports camp, and should talk with the sports coaches to see if they will respect the children’s wishes.
Margo was on holiday with friends, three miles off the Kenyan coast in the Indian Ocean, in a fishing boat. Suddenly the engine died, and for mysterious reasons, the boat began to sink. Before they knew what was happening, Margo, her three friends, and (d) the African boatman were in the sea. They all had life jackets, but it was a long way to shore. Around them were lots of wooden barrels and boards. At that moment, (e) one of the three friends said, “I don’t know how to swim.” Margo took charge. She shouted out orders. She told each person to take a wooden board, use it as a float, and begin kicking slowly toward shore. She ordered (b) the non-swimmer to share a piece of board with her. “Kick softly,” she told him, “Don’t stir up the water more than you have to.” With Margo’s firm presence next to him, the non-swimmer avoided panic. When every now and then his kicking became awkward and noisy, Margo ordered (c) him to stop. Slowly and quietly, the five moved toward the distant shore. They all reached the beach two hours later, exhausted but safe. At that time, the non-swimmer thanked Margo for saving his life, and (a) he asked why she had been so insistent about going slowly and quietly. “Because,” she said to him, “for one thing, I knew it was a long way and we had to conserve our energy. For another, that ocean is full of sharks and I didn’t care to attract their attention. But if I’d told you that, you might have panicked and none of us would have made it.” 

#2006 수능(스캔)

#2005 수능
Every day each of us engages in many types of complex activities. We may go to school, participate in sports, drive cars, and sometimes become involved in conflicts. We also perform other, less complex activities such as eating and sleeping. Our nervous system determines the complexity of activities that we are able to perform. Animals with nervous systems similar to a worm s cannot play soccer, much less chess. Why are some activities, such as eating and reproducing, common to all organisms, whereas other activities, such as nest-building, are limited to certain species? Why do some animals live in groups and others live alone? Questions such as these are the focus of the study of behavior. In its simplest form, behavior is the conduct of an organism— the way it acts.
You may have had this experience. A person calls you on the telephone. Apparently assuming you will recognize her voice, she does not provide any verbal content which would help you identify her. For example, you pick up the phone and say, Hello, and the voice on the other end says, Hi, how are you doing? At this point you realize you dont know who it is! So you try to extend the conversation without admitting your ignorance, hoping some verbal clues will be given or that you ll eventually recognize the caller s voice. As a result, you say something like, Fine. What have you been up to?"
The adult forgets the troubles of his youth. Comparing the remembered carefree past with his immediate problems, the mature man thinks that troubles belong only to the present. The twelve-year-old, the adult thinks, does not worry about salary or professional advancement. When the roof leaks, only the parent worries about what contractor to employ or about how he will repair it himself. To the adult, then, childhood is a time of freedom. The child, however, wishes always to be a man. He finds freedom in the future. To him, adulthood is a time of wealth, and his father or mother never needs to worry about saving to buy a bicycle.
Our bodies have the natural ability to fight off bacteria and diseases when they enter our bodies. But there are other diseases that our bodies cannot successfully resist on their own. In order to prevent such diseases, it is advised that everyone over the age of twenty-five should have a regular physical examination. During a regular examination a doctor checks weight, vision and hearing problems, blood pressure, and so on. The doctor also carries out some special tests to detect such dangerous diseases as cancer and diabetes, if necessary. The information from both check-ups and tests provides important insight into the patient s overall physical condition. Hence, the time spent on regular examinations is a sensible investment in good health.
The claim that we have recently entered the information age is misleading. Flooded by cellphones, the Internet, and television, we incorrectly imagine that our ancestors inhabited an innocent world where the news did not travel far beyond the village. It may not be valid to assume that the media make our time distinct from the past, because we know relatively little about how information was shared in the past. In fact, the Olympics celebrate the memory of the Greek soldier who brought the news of the Athenian victory over the Persians. Most of us could come up with many other examples— message drums, smoke signals, church bells, ship flags. But their primitiveness would only confirm our sense that we live in a fundamentally different world, one of constant, instant access to information. All ages have had a means of sharing information. What makes our time distinct is not the density of the data we take in. It is the technology that does the transmitting. Thanks to satellites, we can find out instantly about events that occur on the other side of the world. It usually took five weeks for Benjamin Franklin in Paris to receive a letter sent from Philadelphia. But the news was still new and surprising to people there.
I was eight years old. At that moment in my life, nothing was more important to me than baseball. My team was the New York Giants, and I followed the doings of those men in the black-and-orange caps with all the devotion of a true believer. Even now, remembering that team, which no longer exists, I can recite the names of nearly every baseball player on the team. But none was greater, and none more perfect than Willie Mays. That spring, I was taken to my first big-league game. Just as we approached the exit after the game, I caught sight of Willie Mays. He was standing near the gate not ten feet away from me. I rushed to him and said, Mr. Mays, could I please have your autograph? He said, Sure, kid. You got a pencil? I didnt have one in my pocket. The great Willie Mays stood there watching in silence. He just shrugged and said, Sorry, kid. And then he walked out of the ballpark into the night. I didnt want to cry, but tears started falling down my cheeks, and there was nothing I could do to stop them. After that night, I started carrying a pencil with me wherever I went. It became a habit of mine never to leave the house without making sure I had a pencil in my pocket. It s not that I had any particular plans for that pencil, but I didnt want to be unprepared. I had been caught empty-handed once, and I wasnt about to let it happen again. If nothing else, the years have taught me this: If there s a pencil in your pocket, there s a good chance that one day you ll feel tempted to start using it.

#2004 수능
The rainforests are full of plants and animals that need each other and help each other. For example, the ant plant has tunnels in its stems which are just right for ants to live in. The ants put bits of dead insects inside some of the tunnels, and then the ant plant uses them for food. The ants also look after a caterpillar which lives inside the ant plant and eats its leaves. In return, the caterpillar makes a special honey mixture which the ants eat. In this way, these three all live together in harmony.
Infrasound is a low-pitched sound, whose frequency is far below the range of human ears. Scientists, however, have been able to discover the existence of infrasound by using special technologies. These new technologies have revealed that many things can produce infrasound, from earthquakes and thunderstorms to trains and underground explosions, thus making possible the warning of earthquakes and the monitoring of underground nuclear-explosion tests. These new technologies have another benefit for biologists by allowing them to gain access to the unknown world of communication between animals. For centuries, biologists believed giraffes were the silent giants of Africa. In recent years, however, biologists have been able to listen more carefully by means of these technologies and have realized that giraffes may talk, though not in a way that we can hear. Communication through infrasound is not limited to giraffes. Over the last few decades, biologists have found that whales, elephants, and some other animals also use this extremely low-pitched sound to communicate. This infrasound, as a means of communication, has special merit: It can travel a greater distance than higher-pitched noise. Such long-distance communication is a must for animals such as giraffes or elephants that roam over wide areas.
Our parents cast long shadows over our lives, and we become aware of their existence when we are infants. Parents first teach us essential ways of living by cautioning, Don t touch or It s not nice to do that. We may think that we learn these lessons through independent efforts, but it s not the way we obtain them at all. It is our parents who have given us our sense of right and wrong, our understanding of love, and our knowledge of who we are. As we grow up, we see them less and less. We leave their homes, and we start new families of our own. So sometimes we think that we can walk in the sun, free of the shadows. But still the shadows have not gone. We carry their being with us all our lives in the sounds of our voices, the look and feel of our skin, and the warmth of our hands and our hearts. It is only when they are gone and we never see them that we find that they and we are indivisible. In fact, we have not been able to separate ourselves from them our whole lives long. The shadows are still there, but they have never really blocked the light at all.

#2003 수능
People are often considered to be rude unintentionally. Absorbed in their own thoughts, people do not see the motions of someone trying to greet them. They may walk right by a friend without noticing him or her. Others indeed do not see—they are without their contact lenses or are quite nearsighted. It is important to take into consideration absent-mindedness or poor eyesight before believing that a friend is actually disregarding you. One friendship I know of was tense for months because a woman thought she was being ignored by a friend who simply was not wearing her glasses and couldn t see beyond her nose.
Some speakers frequently look at their watches while giving their speeches. They probably do this because they don t want to go over the time they are allowed. However, it is proven that when a speaker glances at his watch, many in the audience do the same thing. This becomes an interruption because the audience is not fully focusing on the speech. So place your watch on the table in front of you or keep your eye on the clock in the back of the room.
Our nursing professor gave us a quiz. I had easily answered all the questions until I read the last one: What is the name of the woman who cleans the school? I knew she was tall, short-haired, and in her fifties, but how would I know her name? I handed in my paper, leaving the question blank. Collecting the papers, the professor said the last question would count. Then she added, In your careers you will meet many people. All are significant. They deserve your attention and care, even if all you do is smile and say hello. I ve never forgotten that lesson. I also learned that her name was Dorothy.
Everyone makes decisions every day. What clothes should you wear? Should you go out tonight or stay home and study? Most of the decisions people make are based on what they feel will be the best solution. Feelings and judgments of how others feel toward you play a major role in how you choose to solve your day-to-day problems. True problem solving, however, goes beyond feelings. To solve a problem, you must look beyond how you feel and combine information that you already know with new observations. Then, on the basis of your knowledge of the situation, you can evaluate the problem and come up with the best way to solve it. An example will make this point clear. Imagine that it s Saturday and you are to meet your friends at the mall at 12:00. You ve been busy all morning, and suddenly you notice it is 11:45. You hurry to get ready and then jump in the car. What route is probably the fastest? You know where the mall is, and you choose the best route based on what you know about the distance, the number of stop lights, and the amount of traffic. In short, you make observations and make your best guesses based on what you know and have observed.

#2002~1994 수능 : 스캔이어서 텍스트를 가져올 수 없음

#2020 6월
When a dog is trained to detect drugs, explosives, contraband, or other items, the trainer doesn’t actually teach the dog how to smell; the dog already knows how to discriminate one scent from another. Rather, the dog is trained to become emotionally aroused by one smell versus another. In the step-by-step training process, the trainer attaches an “emotional charge” to a particular scent so that the dog is drawn to it above all others. And then the dog is trained to search out the desired item on cue, so that the trainer can control or release the behavior. This emotional arousal is also why playing tug with a dog is a more powerful emotional reward in a training regime than just giving a dog a food treat, since the trainer invests more emotion into a game of tug. From a dog’s point of view, the tug toy is compelling because the trainer is “upset” by the toy.
Notation was more than a practical method for preserving an expanding repertoire of music. It changed the nature of the art itself. To write something down means that people far away in space and time can re-create it. At the same time, there are downsides. Written notes freeze the music rather than allowing it to develop in the hands of individuals, and it discourages improvisation. Partly because of notation, modern classical performance lacks the depth of nuance that is part of aural tradition. Before notation arrived, in all history music was largely carried on as an aural tradition. Most world music is still basically aural, including sophisticated musical traditions such as Indian and Balinese. Most jazz musicians can read music but often don’t bother, and their art is much involved with improvisation. Many modern pop musicians, one example being Paul McCartney, can’t read music at all.
Marshall McLuhan, among others, noted that clothes are people’s extended skin, wheels extended feet, camera and telescopes extended eyes. Our technological creations are great extrapolations of the bodies that our genes build. In this way, we can think of technology as our extended body. During the industrial age it was easy to see the world this way. Steam-powered shovels, locomotives, television, and the levers and gears of engineers were a fabulous exoskeleton that turned man into superman. The blueprints for our shells spring from our minds, which may spontaneously create something none of our ancestors ever made or even imagined. If technology is an extension of humans, it is not an extension of our genes but of our minds. Technology is therefore the extended body for ideas. A closer look reveals the flaw in this analogy: The extended costume of animals is the result of their genes. They inherit the basic blueprints of what they make. Humans don’t.
We seek out feel-good experiences, always on the lookout for the next holiday, purchase or culinary experience. This approach to happiness is relatively recent; it depends on our capacity both to pad our lives with material pleasures and to feel that we can control our suffering. Painkillers, as we know them today, are a relatively recent invention and access to material comfort is now within reach of a much larger proportion of the world’s population. These technological and economic advances have had significant cultural implications, leading us to see our negative experiences as a problem and maximizing our positive experiences as the answer. Yet, through this we have forgotten that being happy in life is not just about pleasure. Comfort, contentment and satisfaction have never been the elixir of happiness. Rather, happiness is often found in those moments we are most vulnerable, alone or in pain. Happiness is there, on the edges of these experiences, and when we get a glimpse of that kind of happiness it is powerful, transcendent and compelling.
Whispering galleries are remarkable acoustic spaces found beneath certain domes or curved ceilings. A famous one is located outside a well-known restaurant in New York City’s Grand Central Station. It’s a fun place to take a date: the two of you can exchange romantic words while you’re forty feet apart and separated by a busy passageway. You’ll hear each other clearly, but the passersby won’t hear a word you’re saying. To produce this effect, the two of you should stand at diagonally opposite corners of the space, facing the wall. That puts you each near a focus, a special point at which the sound of your voice gets focused as it reflects off the passageway’s curved walls and ceiling. Ordinarily, the sound waves you produce travel in all directions and bounce off the walls at different times and places, scrambling them so much that they are inaudible when they arrive at the ear of a listener forty feet away. But when you whisper at a focus, the reflected waves all arrive at the same time at the other focus, thus reinforcing one another and allowing your words to be heard. 
After the United Nations environmental conference in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 made the term “sustainability” widely known around the world, the word became a popular buzzword by those who wanted to be seen as pro-environmental but who did not really intend to change their behavior. It became a public relations term, an attempt to be seen as abreast with the latest thinking of what we must do to save our planet from widespread harm. But then, in a decade or so, some governments, industries, educational institutions, and organizations started to use the term in a serious manner. In the United States a number of large corporations appointed a vice president for sustainability. Not only were these officials interested in how their companies could profit by producing “green” products, but they were often given the task of making the company more efficient by reducing wastes and pollution and by reducing its carbon emissions.
When Master Brooks played a Mozart piece on the violin for his class to learn, the room was filled with waves of beautiful, soul-stirring sound. The class tried to emulate the music played by this renowned guest musician. Among the students in the class, Joe Brooks was by far the best. In fact, Joe was the master’s son. His father had placed a baby violin in his hands at the age of four, and Joe was a natural talent. Now, just twelve years later, he was already on his way to becoming a virtuoso like his father. After the class, Joe was alone with his father. He had something important to talk about. Joe took a deep breath and said, “I have been asked to play in a concert, and I would like your permission first. It is a crossover concert.” Master Brooks looked surprised. Indeed, the master’s dislike of crossover music was no secret. “Father,” Joe took a deep breath and continued, “I respect your views, but it is not what you think. Why don’t you come and listen to our practice tomorrow? If you don’t like it, I will cancel.” “Well, did you get permission?” asked Brian as soon as Joe entered the practice room the following day. “Um, I’m not sure,” answered Joe without confidence. “You can tell us about it after practice,” Brian said as he placed his fingers on the keyboard. Beside him, Nick was tuning his guitar. Joe thought that he would play just one last time before telling them that he might pull out of the concert. The trio swung into their routine, as easily as only a group that had practiced long and hard together could. When they finished practicing, Joe noticed his father standing in the corner. “Wow, that was quite wonderful,” he said with admiration. Master Brooks came toward his son. “I love the way you created those unique sounds while keeping the spirit of the violin. I underestimated the power that crossover music can create,” said Master Brooks to him. Joe and his father returned home, both humming the melody that the band had been practicing.

#2019 6월
While being an introvert comes with its challenges, it definitely has its advantages as well. For example, an introvert is far less likely to make a mistake in a social situation, such as inadvertently insulting another person whose opinion is not agreeable. An introvert would enjoy reflecting on their thoughts, and thus would be far less likely to suffer from boredom without outside stimulation. The only risk that you will face as an introvert is that people who do not know you may think that you are aloof or that you think you are better than them. If you learn how to open up just a little bit with your opinions and thoughts, you will be able to thrive in both worlds. You can then stay true to your personality without appearing to be antisocial.
A carbon sink is a natural feature that absorbs or stores more carbon than it releases. The value of carbon sinks is that they can help create equilibrium in the atmosphere by removing excess CO2. One example of a carbon sink is a large forest. Its mass of plants and other organic material absorb and store tons of carbon. However, the planet’s major carbon sink is its oceans. Since the Industrial Revolution began in the eighteenth century, CO2 released during industrial processes has greatly increased the proportion of carbon in the atmosphere. Carbon sinks have been able to absorb about half of this excess CO2, and the world’s oceans have done the major part of that job. They absorb about one-fourth of humans’ industrial carbon emissions, doing half the work of all Earth’s carbon sinks combined.
Promoting attractive images of one’s country is not new, but the conditions for trying to create soft power have changed dramatically in recent years. For one thing, nearly half the countries in the world are now democracies. In such circumstances, diplomacy aimed at public opinion can become as important to outcomes as traditional classified diplomatic communications among leaders. Information creates power, and today a much larger part of the world’s population has access to that power. Technological advances have led to a dramatic reduction in the cost of processing and transmitting information. The result is an explosion of information, and that has produced a “paradox of plenty.” Plentiful information leads to scarcity of attention. When people are overwhelmed with the volume of information confronting them, they have difficulty knowing what to focus on. Attention, rather than information, becomes the scarce resource, and those who can distinguish valuable information from background clutter gain power.
Tourism takes place simultaneously in the realm of the imagination and that of the physical world. In contrast to literature or film, it leads to ‘real’, tangible worlds, while nevertheless remaining tied to the sphere of fantasies, dreams, wishes― and myth. It thereby allows the ritual enactment of mythological ideas. There is a considerable difference as to whether people watch a film about the Himalayas on television and become excited by the ‘untouched nature’ of the majestic mountain peaks, or whether they get up and go on a trek to Nepal. Even in the latter case, they remain, at least partly, in an imaginary world. They experience moments that they have already seen at home in books, brochures and films. Their notions of untouched nature and friendly, innocent indigenous people will probably be confirmed. But now this confirmation is anchored in a physical experience. The myth is thus transmitted in a much more powerful way than by television, movies or books.
Humans can tell lies with their faces. Although some are specifically trained to detect lies from facial expressions, the average person is often misled into believing false and manipulated facial emotions. One reason for this is that we are “two-faced.” By this I mean that we have two different neural systems that manipulate our facial muscles. One neural system is under voluntary control and the other works under involuntary control. There are reported cases of individuals who have damaged the neural system that controls voluntary expressions. They still have facial expressions, but are incapable of producing deceitful ones. The emotion that you see is the emotion they are feeling, since they have lost the needed voluntary control to produce false facial expressions. There are also clinical cases that show the flip side of this coin. These people have injured the system that controls their involuntary expressions, so that the only changes in their demeanor you will see are actually willed expressions. 
Princess, a solid Boxer, had been given to Rita when she was ten weeks old, and Rita immediately bonded with her, petting her, feeding her, teaching her basic commands, and letting her sleep on Rita’s bed. The two were always together and within arm’s reach. The only time they were apart was when Rita was learning to swim. Princess had a fear of water that was so extreme that she couldn’t even touch the water. Princess’ fears stemmed from her puppyhood when she almost drowned twice. These early traumas made water the only thing that Princess truly feared. When she came close to a body of water, she would try to pull back and seemed emotionally distressed. Would she ever be able to overcome this fear? She had a chance one late afternoon when Rita’s mother took them to a shopping mall. It was located along the edge of a lake and featured a wooden boardwalk which was built along the shore. While her mother headed to a store, Rita and Princess began to play on the boardwalk. Suddenly, a boy riding a bicycle slipped on the damp wooden surface, hitting Rita at an angle, which propelled her through an open section of the guard rail. She let out a scream of pain and fear as she fell into the water. She then continued to cry for help and struggle to get out. Upon hearing Rita’s cry, her mother rushed to the railing, shouting for help, from the entrance of the store a hundred feet or so away. Princess was looking at the water and trembling in fear. She stood there staring at the water―the one thing that had nearly taken her life. Her love for Rita overpowered her fear and she leapt out through the same open space in the railing and plunged into the water. Once in the water, Princess quickly found Rita and slowly dragged her to the shore to her grateful mother.

#2018 6월
Since the concept of a teddy bear is very obviously not a genetically inherited trait, we can be confident that we are looking at a cultural trait. However, it is a cultural trait that seems to be under the guidance of another, genuinely biological trait: the cues that attract us to babies (high foreheads and small faces). Cute, baby-like features are inherently appealing, producing a nurturing response in most humans. Teddy bears that had a more baby-like appearance ―however slight this may have been initially―were thus more popular with customers. Teddy bear manufacturers obviously noticed which bears were selling best and so made more of these and fewer of the less popular models, to maximize their profits. In this way, the selection pressure built up by the customers resulted in the evolution of a more baby-like bear by the manufacturers.
It takes time to develop and launch products. Consequently, many companies know 6—12 months ahead of time that they will be launching a new product. In order to create interest in the product, companies will often launch pre-market advertising campaigns. In the nutrition industry, articles are often written discussing a new nutrient under investigation. Over a series of issues, you begin to see more articles discussing this new nutrient and potential to enhance training and/or performance. Then, after 4—6 months, a new product is coincidentally launched that contains the ingredient that has been discussed in previous issues. Books and supplement reviews have also been used as vehicles to promote the sale of fitness and nutrition products. This marketing technique is called demand creation. It involves creating a buzz about a new potentially revolutionary nutrient or training technique through publishing articles and/or books that stimulate the reader’s interest. Once this is done, a new product is launched.
There’s a direct counterpart to pop music in the classical song, more commonly called an “art song,” which does not focus on the development of melodic material. Both the pop song and the art song tend to follow tried-and-true structural patterns. And both will be published in the same way―with a vocal line and a basic piano part written out underneath. But the pop song will rarely be sung and played exactly as written; the singer is apt to embellish that vocal line to give it a “styling,” just as the accompanist will fill out the piano part to make it more interesting and personal. The performers might change the original tempo and mood completely. You won’t find such extremes of approach by the performers of songs by Franz Schubert or Richard Strauss. These will be performed note for note because both the vocal and piano parts have been painstakingly written down by the composer with an ear for how each relates to the other.
In mature markets, breakthroughs that lead to a major change in competitive positions and to the growth of the market are rare. Because of this, competition becomes a zero sum game in which one organization can only win at the expense of others. However, where the degree of competition is particularly intense a zero sum game can quickly become a negative sum game, in that everyone in the market is faced with additional costs. As an example of this, when one of the major high street banks in Britain tried to gain a competitive advantage by opening on Saturday mornings, it attracted a number of new customers who found the traditional Monday-Friday bank opening hours to be a constraint. However, faced with a loss of customers, the competition responded by opening on Saturdays as well. The net effect of this was that, although customers benefited, the banks lost out as their costs increased but the total number of customers stayed the same. In essence, this proved to be a negative sum game. 
In fiber processing the word ‘spinning’ means two quite different things. One is the formation of individual fibers by squeezing a liquid through one or more small openings in a nozzle called a spinneret and letting it harden. Spiders and silkworms have been spinning fibers in this way for millions of years, but chemists and engineers learned the procedure from them only about a century ago. In the other kind of spinning―sometimes called throwing to prevent confusion with the first kind―two or more fibers are twisted together to form a thread. Human beings discovered this art thousands of years ago, and they have invented several devices to make it easier and faster. The ancient distaff and spindle are examples that were replaced by the spinning wheel in the Middle Ages. Later came the spinning jenny, the water frame, and Crompton’s mule―spinning machines that became symbols of the Industrial Revolution.
Andrew steadied his eyes upon the black and white squares. He thought awhile before pushing his knight to an unbeatable position. Now Andrew was sure he had beaten Timothy Tandon, the winner of the 2016 National Chess Championship. Andrew, whom nobody had noticed before the tournament this year, came to progress to the final match. After enjoying this memorable victory, Andrew headed straight to the nursing home where his sick grandad was staying. When Andrew reached the nursing home, Grandad was sitting up in bed. “You won the semi-final?” he asked, offering up a weak smile. Andrew nodded his head. Indeed, Andrew’s grandad was his chess master. As a kid, Andrew liked to observe Grandad play chess and often predicted his moves even before he began to move the pieces. “Andrew,” said Grandad, inspired by his grandson’s superb victory, “you are now all set to fulfill my dream. Tomorrow you will surely win the National Chess Championship.” It was the day of the final match. That morning Andrew had received a call from the nursing home informing him that Grandad’s condition had become serious. The news played upon Andrew’s mind as he started to play. After several fierce battles, Andrew’s concentration wavered for a moment. His mind travelled to his grandad, who was in another battle for his life. It was then that Andrew made a big mistake! The mistake was a fatal one, and it was all over. He had lost. Andrew arrived at the nursing home in a gloomy mood, but he was blessed with good news. His grandad was recovering. Andrew was greatly delighted, but he could not help being disappointed in a corner of his mind. “I tried my best to fulfill your dream but I couldn’t make it,” Andrew said in disappointment. “That’s all right,” said Grandad. “The real lesson of chess is learning how to tame your mind. See, my mind has won the battle over my body. I will recover soon and see you become champion one day in perfect health.” Andrew was relieved and smiled with joy.

#2017 6월
Roles are like a fence. They allow us a certain amount of freedom, but for most of us that freedom doesn’t go very far. Suppose that a woman decides that she is not going to wear dresses—or a man that he will not wear suits and ties— regardless of what anyone says. In most situations, they’ll stick to their decision. When a formal occasion comes along, however, such as a family wedding or a funeral, they are likely to cave in to norms that they find overwhelming. Almost all of us follow the guidelines for what is “appropriate” for our roles. Few of us are bothered by such restrictions, for our socialization is so thorough that we usually want to do what our roles indicate is appropriate.
The ancient Greeks sought to improve memory through brain training methods such as memory palaces and the method of loci. At the same time, they and the Egyptians became experts at externalizing information, inventing the modern library, a grand storehouse for externalized knowledge. We don’t know why these simultaneous explosions of intellectual activity occurred when they did (perhaps daily human experience had hit a certain level of complexity). But the human need to organize our lives, our environment, even our thoughts, remains strong. This need isn’t simply learned; it is a biological imperative— animals organize their environments instinctively. Most mammals are biologically programmed to put their digestive waste away from where they eat and sleep. Dogs have been known to collect their toys and put them in baskets; ants carry off dead members of the colony to burial grounds; certain birds and rodents create barriers around their nests in order to more easily detect invaders.
Imitation seems to be a key to the transmission of valuable practices among nonhumans. The most famous example is that of the macaque monkeys on the island of Koshima in Japan. In the early 1950s, Imo, a one-year-old female macaque, somehow hit upon the idea of washing her sweet potatoes in a stream before eating them. Soon it was hard to find a Koshima macaque who wasn’t careful to wash off her sweet potato before eating it.  A few years later, Imo introduced another innovation. Researchers on the island occasionally gave the monkeys wheat (in addition to sweet potatoes). But the wheat was given to them on the beach, where it quickly became mixed with sand. Imo, though, realized that if you threw a handful of wheat and sand into the ocean, the sand would sink and the wheat would float. Again, within a few years most of her fellow macaques were throwing wheat and sand into the sea and obtaining the benefits.
In humans, body clocks are responsible for daily changes in blood pressure, body temperature, hormones, hunger, and thirst, as well as our sleep-wake cycles. These biological rhythms, which we experience as internal time, are probably older than sleep, developed over the course of millions of years of evolution. They facilitate physiological and behavioral changes on a roughly twenty-four-hour cycle no matter what is happening outside, whether a cold front moves in or clouds block the light of the sun. That is why people experience jet lag when traveling across time zones. Their internal clocks continue to run in accordance with the place they left behind, not the one to which they have come, and it can take some time to realign the two. The most remarkable thing is that our internal body clocks can be readjusted by environmental cues. We may get jet lag for a few days when we ask our body clocks to adapt to a vastly different schedule of day and night cycles on the other side of the Earth, but they can do it.
The customer service representatives in an electronics firm under major restructuring were told they had to begin selling service contracts for their equipment in addition to installing and repairing them. This generated a great deal of resistance. To the service representatives, learning to sell was a very different game from what they had been playing. But it turned out they already knew a lot more about sales than they thought. For example, the first step in servicing or installing equipment is talking with the clients to understand how they used the equipment. The same is true in selling. The salesperson first has to learn about the customer’s needs. The service representatives also had a great deal of product knowledge and hands-on experience, which is obviously important in sales.
Richard was watching people on the street through the window. Skirts were bouncing lightly and pants were dancing delightedly in the seasonable weather as the spring breeze chased them playfully. Some seemed excited, walking like racing cars between passersby. He had ordered two black coffees, one for himself and one for his friend, Julie. She was running late, but the service was fast. The hot coffees were promptly placed in front of him. Looking at the coffees, Richard remembered that Julie liked whipped cream on top of her hot coffee. He was wondering if it was better to put the cream on now, or wait till she arrived. “Since the cream is cold, it’ll cool down the coffee faster,” he reasoned. Beep! It was a text message from her. “I’ll be there in 5 minutes. Please put some cream on my coffee.” He was startled, because she seemed to know what he was thinking about. Richard called over a waiter wearing a blue shirt and asked him for whipped cream. Handing a spray can of cream over to Richard, the waiter said, “Add it now if you want.” Richard couldn’t help asking him why. The blue-shirted man answered, “Actually, hotter coffee loses energy faster than coffee cooled slightly by the addition of cream.” “Really? Is that so?” The waiter kindly smiled and said, “Yeah, I just learned it when I took a class about coffee.” He also taught his customer how to make shapes with the cream. Richard paid close attention to his explanation. Richard thanked the waiter. Following his instructions, Richard made a flower with the cream. He tried to be as precise as he could. No sooner had he completed his masterpiece, Julie stepped into the cafe. As she sat down, she saw her coffee. “Wow, look at that! A white flower in the cup! It looks so beautiful, Richard! It’s too lovely to drink,” his friend said. “Try it,” the happy man urged her. She tasted it. “This coffee is absolutely delicious, too!” Talking and laughing over coffee, they enjoyed the fabulous spring day.

#2016 6월
School physical education programs should offer a balanced variety of activities that allow young people to develop ability in lifetime activities that are personally meaningful and enjoyable. A balance should exist in any physical education program among team, dual, and individual (lifetime) sports. Team sports such as basketball and soccer provide an opportunity for students to develop skills and to enjoy working and competing together as a team. However, in many school physical education programs, team sports dominate the curriculum at the expense of various individual and dual sports, like tennis, swimming, badminton, and golf. In such cases, the students lose the opportunity to develop skills in activities that they can participate in throughout their adult lives. Only through a balanced program of team, dual, and individual sports is it possible to develop well-rounded individuals.
Cultural characteristics are not only passed from parents to children, but may be passed on from any one individual to another by word of mouth or by writing.  So some cultural changes may be adopted quite quickly by a whole population. Transmission of culture is rather like transmission of an infection. Flu and colds spread very quickly, especially with the large amount of contact that people now have with each other. Like those infectious diseases, cultural habits such as pop music preferences and clothing fashions may spread very quickly nowadays, especially through the media of radio and television. However, other deep-rooted cultural characteristics of races and racial subgroups are much more difficult to change. These are the cultural patterns that are so resistant to alteration that they have the appearance of being inherent. 
The timing of positive versus negative behavior seems to influence attraction. Several studies have identified what has been called the loss-gain effect. This effect reflects what happens to attraction when a person’s behavior moves from positive to negative or from negative to positive. For example, if someone seemed very nice to you early in the interaction, but then began to act like a fool, would you be more attracted to that person than if that person were a fool from the start?  Studies suggest that you would not. In fact, people are more attracted to individuals who are consistently negative than to people who initially behave positively and then switch to negative behavior. The reason is this: people who start out being nice get our hopes up, so the letdown we experience when we discover that they are not nice makes it worse than if they had acted badly from the start.
Heat and temperature are two quantities that can be easily confused. Imagine cooking a very large pot of chicken soup on the stove. Let’s suppose you heat the soup until it is 95℃, quite hot. You grab a spoon and take out a spoonful of soup to taste. As you remove the spoonful of soup from the pot, it has the same temperature as the larger sample. Unfortunately, as you bring the soup towards your mouth to taste it, the spoon slips from your hand, pouring its contents on your bare foot. The spoonful of 95℃ soup hitting your foot hurts, but not as badly as it would if you accidentally spilled the entire pot of 95℃ soup on your foot. If both the spoonful and the pot full of soup have the same temperature, why would the larger sample cause more damage if it came in contact with your skin? The answer to the question lies in the difference between temperature and heat.
People make extensive use of searching images. One unexpected context is sorting. Suppose you have a bag of small hardware― screws, nails, and so on― and you decide to organize them into little jars. You dump the stuff out on a table and begin separating the items into coherent groups. It is possible to do this by randomly picking up individual objects, one by one, identifying each one, and then moving it to the appropriate jar. But what most people do is very different. They quickly pick out a whole series of items of the same type, making a handful of, say, small screws. They put them in the jar and then go back and do the same for a different kind of item. So the sorting sequence is nonrandom, producing runs of items of a single type. It is a faster, more efficient technique, and much of the increased efficiency is due to the use of searching images.
In 1887, when the land was up for sale, grandpa bought two hundred acres from the Granger family. In 1918, he bought another two hundred. It was good rich land. However, there were bank loans for and taxes on the land. Unfortunately, there had not been enough money from the cotton to pay both of them and live on. To make things worse, the price of cotton dropped in 1930. That was why papa had gone to work, ending up in Louisiana in 1931. He set out looking for work, first going far north and south, and finally west into Louisiana. It was there he found work laying track for the railroad. He worked the remainder of the year away from us, not returning until the deep winter. The following spring after the planting was finished, he did the same. Now it was 1933, and papa was again in Louisiana laying track. When he came back from Louisiana, I asked papa why he had to go away and why the land was so important. He took my hand and said in his quiet way: “Look out there, Cassie. All that belongs to you. You will never have to live on other people’s land. As long as the family survives, you will have your own place. That’s important. You may not understand now, but one day you will.” I looked at papa strangely, for I knew that all the land did not belong to me. Some of it belonged to Stacey, Christopher, and John, not to mention the part that belonged to big mama and mama. However, papa never divided the land in his mind; it was simply the land of our family. For it, he would work the long, hot summer pounding steel; mama would teach and run the farm; and big mama, in her sixties, would work like a woman in her twenties in the cotton fields and keep the house; but always, the taxes would be paid. Papa said that one day I would understand.

#2014-B 6월
Organic farmers grow crops that are no less plagued by pests than those of conventional farmers; insects generally do not discriminate between organic and conventional as well as we do. It is true that they are far more likely than conventional farmers to practice environmentally beneficial forms of biological control, and that they are also more likely to sensibly diversify their crops to reduce infestation. However, most organic farmers have no choice but to rely on chemicals as necessary supplements to their operations. With pests often consuming up to 40 percent of the crops grown in the United States, they do so as a matter of course. They might refer to these substances as “botanical extracts.” But according to Ned Groth, a senior scientist at Consumers Union, these toxins “are not necessarily less worrisome because they are natural.”
Jason always seemed to have a tough time in classes, except in the ones where he could do something. In the classes in which the teachers just stood and talked, or told everyone to read, he seemed to get bored and restless. But the ones in which he could get up and do things like industrial arts, drama, science projects, or P.E. were always his favorites. He soon realized that he was not a slow or unmotivated learner; he was a kinesthetic learner. Once he figured this out, he started to use this information to his advantage. He would draw out what he learned from class on notes, posters, and doodles. He would act out things and work with other students on projects using role play and drama. This helped his learning come alive, and he was less bored. As a result, he not only enjoyed school more, but his grades also went up.
In Australia a few years ago, I met a remarkable man named John Walton. He has since become a close friend. He told me that when he started out in life he seemed to be caught in a peculiar failure pattern. Whatever he tried would start out well and then end up badly. As a schoolboy he dropped out of several schools for this reason. He became convinced that it was his destiny in life to make good beginnings and then watch them fade away. At one point, John got a job with the Australian division of a famous American company. The same dreary pattern seemed to be unfolding: He started out well, and then things began to slide. This didn’t surprise him much; it was what he expected to happen. Then the company sent a motivational speaker out to give some talks to their Australian employees, and John was in the audience. The visitor told his listeners to visualize themselves moving up in the company, receiving promotions, gaining energy as they went, right up to the very top. The speaker also said, “Most of you are letting the fear of failure hold you back. All the ingredients of success are right there inside you, if you’ll just turn your thinking around. Don’t keep telling yourself you can’t do this or you can’t do that. You can do ANYTHING if you think you can!” John had never heard anything like this in his whole life. He realized for the first time that his image of himself as a person who started well and then faded away was all in his head, a state of mind that could be altered any time he made a firm decision to alter it. John went back to work with tremendous enthusiasm and confidence and energy. He received promotions. He became the manager of a branch in New South Wales. Finally he became the head of the company for all of Australia. Where once he had been dogged by failure, now everything he did was crowned by success. He told me, “It was that one talk that changed my self-image by giving it a little twist. It made me see myself differently, and so I was different.”

#2014-A 6월
People believe that “good books” are educational and useful to academic success. However, it appears that the nature of written language itself helps increase academic achievement, regardless of a book’s quality. Even books that provide only pleasure will increase the confidence of students and encourage them to try to read more technical materials in school. Comics, magazines, audiobooks, and topics of interest on the Internet are sometimes not considered “real” reading materials. However, these materials let students enjoy the pleasure of reading and gain information, literacy skills, and more. This “light” reading is actually very beneficial because it is effortless reading, which improves reading fluency.
Jason always seemed to have a tough time in classes, except in the ones where he could do something. In the classes in which the teachers just stood and talked, or told everyone to read, he seemed to get bored and restless. But the ones in which he could get up and do things like industrial arts, drama, science projects, or P.E. were always his favorites. He soon realized that he was not a slow or unmotivated learner; he was a kinesthetic learner. Once he figured this out, he started to use this information to his advantage. He would draw out what he learned from class on notes, posters, and doodles. He would act out things and work with other students on projects using role play and drama. This helped his learning come alive, and he was less bored. As a result, he not only enjoyed school more, but his grades also went up.
Lemonade is the perfect refreshment on a sunny day, and it also contains a lot of vitamin C. Here’s a quick and easy way to make lemonade. Prepare four lemons, 100g of sugar, one liter of water, and some ice. You also need a bowl, a jug, and a spoon. Don’t forget to prepare a cutting board and a knife. Wash the lemons you’ve prepared and cut them in half. Then, squeeze out as much juice as you can into a bowl. You can squeeze the lemons by hand, but it’s easier if you use a lemon squeezer. Then simply mix together the lemon juice, sugar, and water in a jug, and stir. Pour it into a glass, add some ice, and enjoy your lemonade!
Zach was a 14-year-old boy, and he was a good swimmer. He advanced to the 100 meter freestyle final. Although there were many competitors, Zach knew that the winner should be between him and Tony. They were best friends, but Zach considered him as his biggest competitor. They both were great swimmers and had won an equal number of races. To prepare for the race, both Zach and Tony bought a specially made swimming suit that could minimize resistance against water and help them swim faster. But they found out that this type of special suit had not been allowed in previous races. Both Zach and Tony asked the swimming coach if they could wear it. He said that he would let them know before the race. On the other hand, Zach’s conscience whispered that a true victory comes from fair competition. After a long conflict, he finally decided to be honest. He told Tony about the suit, and they both joined the race wearing the suits. Tony won the race, and Zach congratulated him. This was the sweetest second place Zach had ever won. Nothing was decided during the morning, but shortly before the race, the coach told Zach that he and Tony could wear the suit. He asked Zach to tell Tony about it. After hearing what his coach said, Zach faced a difficult choice. At first, he hesitated to tell his friend about the news. He thought that if he did not tell Tony about it, he would definitely win the race.

#2013 6월 
According to sociologists, one of the most widespread and basic norms of human culture is embodied in the rule for reciprocation. The rule requires that one person try to repay, in kind, what another person has provided. By obligating the recipient of an act to repayment in the future, the rule for reciprocation allows one individual to give something to another with confidence that it is not being lost. This sense of future obligation within the rule makes possible the development of various kinds of continuing relationships, transactions, and exchanges that are beneficial to the society. Consequently, all members of the society are trained from childhood to follow the rule or suffer serious social disapproval.
Several plane crashes and near crashes have been attributed to dangerous downward wind bursts known as wind shear. These wind bursts generally result from high-speed downdrafts in the turbulence of thunderstorms, but they can occur in clear air when rain evaporates high above the ground. The downdraft spreads out when it hits the ground and forms an inward circular pattern. A plane entering the pattern experiences an unexpected upward headwind that lifts the plane. To resist it, the pilot often cuts speed and lowers the plane’s nose to compensate. Further into the circular pattern, the wind quickly turns downward, and an airplane can suddenly lose altitude and possibly crash when it is near the ground, as upon landing.
The underlying idea of world history is that the interaction among human societies resembles not the relationships among billiard balls, but rather among bacteria. Billiard balls rolling around the table may collide and affect each other’s trajectories, but they do not actually change each other: The eight ball is an eight ball even after it is struck by the cue ball. Bacteria, however, fundamentally shape each other as they interact. Because the membranes covering bacteria are full of pores, bacteria can exchange genetic information and can even fundamentally alter each other’s basic make-up when they touch. Similarly, human societies in contact affect each other’s development. World historians, recognizing this, seek to understand human history through studying both developments within societies and the way in which societies relate to each other.
We are not the only species to give sometimes wrongheaded deference to those in authority positions. In monkey colonies, where rigid dominance hierarchies exist, beneficial innovations do not spread quickly through the group unless they are taught first to a dominant animal. When a lower animal is taught the new concept first, the rest of the colony remains mostly oblivious to its value. One study on the introduction of new food tastes to Japanese monkeys provides a nice illustration. In one troop, a taste for caramels was developed by introducing this new food into the diet of young minors, low on the status ladder. The taste for caramels inched slowly up the ranks: A year and a half later, only 51 percent of the colony had acquired it, and still none of the leaders. Contrast this with what happened in a second troop where wheat was introduced first to the leader: Wheat eating―to this point unknown to these monkeys― spread through the whole colony within four hours.
The first memory I have of visiting a working artist’s studio is a trip my family took to the studio of Grey Stone, a potter who made the dinnerware set our whole family has cherished for many years. When I was about five years old, our family drove down to his studio with several miscellaneous pieces of handmade pottery from the family collection. We wanted Grey to make a set that would draw together the pieces we had collected over the years. Even at that young age, looking around Grey’s house and studio complex, I thought about how great it was that he could work at home, with his family around him, and produce things with his own hands. After accepting our request, he immediately started working on one of the pieces. Taking a prepared lump of clay, he put it on his treadle wheel. It was so fascinating to see how ordinary clay could turn into a beautiful pot. I couldn’t get that process out of my head so I looked forward to our return trip several months later to pick up the finished dinnerware. One of my favorite features of each piece Grey had made was that, upon close inspection, one could see that the pieces had been individually inscribed with some marks on the underside, just inside the trimmed foot. On each of those pieces, with the large foot area, there was room for the inscription not only of the potter’s signature, address, and date, but also a unique saying or phrase. A favorite family pastime then developed when guests came over and we got out the “good stoneware.” Before my father served the food, he would encourage guests to flip over their plates to read what was on the underside. Thanks to his influence, this childhood pastime has since become a habit. Even today, I still flip over all handmade pottery pieces as soon as I first touch them to see if there might be an inscription or at least to look for the potter’s mark. 

#2012 6월
A few years ago we purchased a brand-new camper van. Not long after we bought our camper, a friend of ours asked if her family could borrow it. We were not too interested in loaning out our spotless camper, so we declined. This happened in the fall, and we stored the camper in our backyard all that winter. In the spring my husband and I were setting it up to prepare for a trip. We were very surprised to find that we had left cookie boxes in the camper over the winter. We had moved and had a baby that previous summer and fall, and cleaning out the camper had been overlooked. That in itself would not have been so bad had it not been for the mice. Mice were attracted by the food and they shredded all the curtains, screens, and cushions. Had we let the friend borrow the camper, she would have discovered the boxes before the mice did.
Across the Arctic, polar bear numbers are in decline. If the climate continues to warm at the current rate, the bears could disappear completely in the next hundred years. But for now, if you visit Churchill, Canada in October or November, it’s almost a sure thing you’ll see a polar bear in the wild. Churchill, population 914, sits on the edge of Hudson Bay at the point where the ice first forms every winter. And these bears love ice. Their fondness for frozen seas is simple: Ice means they can eat their favorite meal ―seals. Although polar bears are powerful marine mammals, able to swim a hundred miles or more nonstop, they’re too slow to catch a seal in open water. But when ice forms, they can walk out to a hole near where the seals are swimming, then sit and wait for a seal to pop its head up to breathe. Or as a bear might put it, “Dinner is served.”
I observe the moon wherever I go. What phase is it in, I wonder? When will it reach the full moon phase? Now imagine what happened to me recently when I was teaching in Australia, 12,000 miles from my hometown in North America. Shortly after my arrival, seeing that the skies were cloudy, I checked the newspaper for a weather report. Typically, the weather page also gives times for sunrise and sunset as well as moonrise and moonset. Picture my surprise when I discovered that the illustrations in the newspaper were, by my experience, wrong. The waxing moon appeared to be illuminated on the left side rather than the right side as I had always known it to be. “I must call the newspaper,” I thought. But I continued to study the images in the newspaper and then consulted a globe. When I imagined myself standing on a spot in the southern hemisphere, the answer came to me. Here, indeed, south of the equator, the waxing moon appears to be on the left. Try this in your imagination, and you will see it, too. The point is that often we do not see things as they are. Instead, we see things as we are. That is why it is necessary in science to have many people making many observations of the same phenomenon. I am sure that to people in Australia, the moon in North America would seem strange as well.

#2011 6월
Beethoven took scraps of paper with him on his frequent walks, writing down his musical ideas as they came to him.At home, he kept large sketchbooks into which he might copy the results or enter new ideas, fashioning and refashioning the music, crossing it out and starting again.  After Beethoven’s death these sketchbooks were scattered and in many cases broken up. Fortunately, one of the most sustained research programs in postwar musicology has succeeded in reconstructing their original sequence. As a result, you can work through them and trace the painful process by which Beethoven edged toward the music that we know. For instance, while the first section of the ‘Ode to Joy’ seems to have come to him with little difficulty, the middle section gave him enormous trouble; there is sketch upon sketch in which Beethoven tries one idea, then another. And you find that the most characteristic and expressive features of the music come together only during the final stages of the compositional process.
Jim performed fieldwork in Lesotho, a small nation in Africa. There, studying and interacting with local villagers, he patiently earned their trust until one day he was asked to join in one of their songs. Jim replied in a soft voice, “I don’t sing,” and it was true. Although he was an excellent oboe player, he was unable to sing a simple melody. The villagers found his response puzzling. They just stared at Jim and said, “What do you mean you don’t sing? You talk!” Jim recalls later, “It was as odd to them as if I told them that I couldn’t walk or dance, even though I have both my legs.” That’s because singing and dancing were a natural activity in their lives, involving everyone. Their word for singing, ho bina, also means ‘to dance’; there is no distinction, since it is assumed that singing involves bodily movement.
Sometimes, someone saying you can’t do something is good for you. It builds mental toughness and conviction. I often tell people, “Anyone with young children will tell you, if you ask them not to do something, they’re guaranteed to do it.” The following story is an example of how my dad used this to (a)his (and ultimately my) advantage. As a child I wasn’t particularly academic or ambitious, and certainly didn’t work very hard at my studies. It wasn’t until I was coming to the end of the eleventh grade―and facing the prospect of leaving school without any sense of what I wanted to do as a career―that I decided to apply to the local college to pursue further study. Feeling pleased with myself for having made this monumental decision, I proudly announced my plan to my dad. (e)His immediate reaction was to say, “You’ll never do that. They’ll never accept you.” I was so annoyed and upset by (b)his response that I worked tirelessly for the remainder of the school year. In those critical few months I worked so hard that I ended up winning three awards at the end of year prize-giving. The best part was being able to tell my dad that I’d been awarded a place at college. On hearing this news, he simply lowered his newspaper and, with a smile, said, “Well done, I always knew you would.” At that moment, I realized what (c)he had done by ‘discouraging’ me. This was my first experience of ‘reverse psychology.’ Some people might say it’s a risky strategy, but it has certainly worked for me. It has been extremely valuable in my life, giving me the confidence, determination and motivation to succeed, even when the odds are stacked against me. Now as a father myself, I sometimes use the same technique to motivate my own son. Often enough, he ends up with favorable results. I just hope one day (d)he also realizes that I had his best interests in mind.

#2010 6월
For thousands of years, farmers at harvest time have selected seeds, cuttings, or tubers from superior plants to save for the next planting. Farmers often protected the stored seeds from insects or animals by sealing them in clay pots or burying them in baskets covered with ash. They also often stored tubers in cold areas and either replanted cuttings immediately or kept them dry until the next planting time. Farmers thus saved their genetic stocks from season to season. They could exchange remaining stocks with neighbors or exchange them in the local market. Due to this trade, the plant variety became widespread in a region. Organized seed production, however, did not begin until the early 1900s.
When we look at the world and ourselves, we do it through a set of filters. Think about what a filter is. A filter is a mechanism that lets some things flow in but screens other things out. Depending on what the filter is made up of, it can also alter whatever is looked at or passes through it. Sunglasses are a good example of a visual filter. But, obviously, I am not talking here about some physical apparatus that we can put on and take off, like a pair of glasses. In fact, the filters I am mentioning are internal, mental, emotional, verbal, and perceptual in nature. Through them, we process and assign a weight and meaning to every event in our lives. Some things flow in, others are screened out, but everything is affected: not just what we ‘see,’ but what we ‘hear’ and ‘believe.’
Several years ago, we were asked to help with the merger of two community volunteer groups, who wanted to join together in order to establish an agency that would have more influence and better financing than the two separate agencies of the past. Both were rural groups, which had traditionally and geographically been separated by a range of mountains. We worked with the two groups to help them set goals, develop policy, and build an organizational structure. Meanwhile, the young executive director, who saw a successful merger as his primary responsibility, was especially careful about one thing. On either side of the mountain was a large town. Each of the former agencies had its own board, a separate staff, and long-standing regional ties. The executive director understood that the question of where the new joint agency’s headquarters would be was an important question as well as a potentially explosive one. In leading the planning meetings of the two boards, he carefully kept the groups focused on the long-range issues, and convinced them not to look at the headquarters question until the very end of the process. Once the organizational structure was set, by-laws agreed upon, and all the volunteers had actually merged, then the headquarters site was decided on ― logically and easily, as it turned out. By then everyone was so committed to the organization and its goals that the headquarters question had become a relatively unimportant, routine one. The executive director of the merging agencies was primarily concerned about the long-range good of the organization and the total community. He used all his influence and persuasive powers to make that a common focus, and the results were successful. 

#2009 6월
In 1969, Charley Kline was working as a programmer at UCLA and participating in a project at Stanford University. He was asked to arrange the first computer-to-computer message through an ordinary telephone line. After successfully connecting the two computers, Kline began to type login. He typed l and got the echo from Stanford confirming that the letter had been received. He proceeded with o and again received the appropriate echo. Then he ventured to g. However, that was too much for the young system to absorb, and the computer crashed, killing the connection after all. The connection was quickly reestablished, and after the UCLA and Stanford nodes were firmly in place, many others joined in.
One of the most painful signs of the lack of readiness for the tsunami in the Indian Ocean in 2004 was the enthusiasm of children, who rushed excitedly down to the beach to gather fish during the initial retreat of water. Those ill-fated children had no idea what the sea’s strange retreat meant. No one knew because nothing like that had happened in living memory except for the 1883 tsunami disaster in the Indian Ocean. After the 19th century disaster, experts called for a tsunami warning system in the Indian Ocean similar to the successful one now operating in the Pacific. If such a system had been up and running in the Indian Ocean, many of the thousands of lives lost in places relatively distant from the center of the earthquake might have been saved. 
The gym teacher walked into the room, and recognized that I had been fighting with Matt. He sent us out to the running track. He followed us with a smile on his face and said, “I want both of you to run the track holding each other’s hands.” The class captain erupted into a roar of laughter, and we were embarrassed beyond belief. Hesitantly, my enemy and I started running. What had earlier been fists were now linked in a strange handshake. At some point during the course of the obligatory mini-marathon that both of us felt anger about, I remember looking over at the large person beside me. His nose was still bleeding a bit. Tears filled his eyes. His giant body slowed him down. Suddenly it struck me that here was a person, not all that different from myself. I guess my unwilling partner thought the same thing because we both looked at each other and began to laugh. In time, we became good friends. I no longer saw the big figure in the same light. Instead of the dull boy who I had hated for a long time, here was someone like me, the human being who had internal value and worth far beyond any externals. It was amazing what I had learned from being forced to run hand-in-hand with someone. For the rest of my life I have never raised a hand against another person.

#2008 6월
A group of scientists was doing research on superconductivity but reached a dead end. They finally gave up, putting the work aside so that they could concentrate on other activities. One of the scientists on this project decided to take a break and went down to the company library. While browsing through reading materials, he came across an article in a scientific journal. The article approached the subject of superconductivity from a completely different direction from the one they had been working on. He immediately began applying it to their experiments and within 12 months they discovered the secret to superconductivity. Not long after, they were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics.
You might think iced desserts would be a fairly recent creation due to the problems of refrigeration in the past. The Chinese, however, who had perfected ice storage using the principle of evaporation in the eighth century B.C., were enjoying fruit-flavored ices by the time Marco Polo visited in the thirteenth century. He brought the recipe back to Italy, where it has been a favorite ever since. The Arabs and Indians picked up the idea from the Chinese as well, and named this delicious dessert sherbet. But it did not have the exact form and name of ice cream yet. What we call ice cream today was created in the early seventeenth century by a French chef for King CharlesⅠof England. After that, it was introduced and popularized in the United States by First Lady Dolly Madison.
A short time ago some builders, working on a studio in Connecticut, left a huge square of plate glass standing upright in a field. A sparrow flying swiftly across the field struck the glass and was knocked out. He woke and went to his club, where an attendant bandaged his head. “What happened?” asked a seagull. “I was flying across a meadow when all of a sudden the air crystallized on me,” said the sparrow. The seagull, a hawk, and an eagle all laughed heartily. A crow listened gravely. “For fifteen years, I’ve flown this country,” said the eagle, “and I assure you there is no such thing as air crystallizing. Water, yes; air, no.” “You were probably struck by a hailstone,” the hawk told the sparrow. “Or he may have had a stroke,” said the seagull. “What do you think, crow?” “Why, I think maybe the air crystallized on him,” said the crow. The large birds laughed so loudly that the sparrow became annoyed. And then the sparrow bet each of them ten worms that they couldn’t follow the course he had flown without encountering the hardened atmosphere. They all took his bet; the crow went along to watch. Later, the seagull, the eagle, and the hawk decided to fly together over the route the sparrow indicated. “You come, too,” they said to the crow. “I..., I..., well, no,” said the crow. “I don’t think I will.” So, the three large birds took off together. And they hit the glass together and were all knocked out.

#2007 6월
Did you know that many of the first European settlers in America lived in caves? It is true. These early arrivals had neither the time nor the tools to build anything better. This was especially the case in New England, where winters were harsh. Some type of immediate shelter was needed, and caves would serve this purpose. These hardy colonists thus dug caves along the side of a cliff, made a roof of bark supported by poles, and their “castles” were complete. As conditions improved, more permanent dwellings began to emerge throughout the colonies. Each section of the colonies developed its own fixed-style housing, dependent on the climate and the materials at hand.
A code is constantly under attack from codebreakers. When the codebreakers have developed a new weapon that reveals a code’s weakness, then the code is no longer useful. It either becomes extinct or evolves into a new, stronger code. In turn, this new code survives only until the codebreakers identify its weakness, and so on. This is similar to the situation facing, for example, a strain of infectious bacteria. The bacteria prevail until doctors discover an antibiotic that exposes a weakness in the bacteria and kills most of them. The remaining bacteria are then forced to evolve and defeat the antibiotic, and, if successful, they will reestablish themselves and prevail once again.
My name is Caroline Finch. I live in Albuquerque, New Mexico. In the downtown area I often see homeless people begging for money all around the stoplights. I used to give a lot of money to them, feeling sorry for their misfortune. But as time passed, I became a single mom with no home, a huge debt and hardly any income. As a result, I became very bitter, and stopped giving to the people on the side of the road. Eventually, things started to change for me. I became responsible enough to have a home, a backyard for my daughter, and plenty of food. I saved money and started to pull myself out of debt. One day, we saw a homeless person with the sign, “Will work for food.” I passed by. My daughter commented, “Mommy, you used to give to those people in need.” I replied, “Honey, they just use that money for alcohol or other bad things.” She didn’t respond. But when I said that, it didn’t feel right. Three days later, I was driving to pick up my daughter from school. A man was standing on the corner, and something deep inside me said, “Just help the guy.” So I rolled down my window, and he ran over with enthusiasm. He said, “God bless you! I only need 77 cents.” I reached into my ashtray and oddly enough, there sat three quarters and two pennies. My hair stood up when I saw this. I picked them up and gave them to him. He burst out with joy and tears in his eyes, “Wow, you just made it possible for me to see my mom for Christmas! Thank you so much. The bus that has this great Christmas discount is leaving in 20 minutes!” It was a moment I’ll never forget. I think that man won’t forget it either, but I was the one who got the best gift in life.
When Alexandre-Gustave Eiffel designed his famous free-standing 986-foot iron tower in Paris in the late 19th century, he did so without modern science or engineering.Mathematicians,though,havelong suspected that an elegant logic lies behind the monument’s graceful shape. That conviction led engineer Patrick Weidman to search for the mathematical formula behind the tower’s curve. Initially frustrated, Weidman’s eureka moment came when he found a long-overlooked memo written by Eiffel in 1885. The document gave Weidman the insights he needed to work out the mathematical formula that describes the tower. 
Corporate social responsibility means that a corporation should be held accountable for any of its actions that affect people. It implies that negative business impacts on people and society should be corrected if at all possible. It may require a company to give up some profits if its social impacts are seriously harmful to some of the corporation’s investors. However, being socially responsible does not mean that a company must abandon its primary economic mission. This also doesn’t suggest that socially responsible firms cannot be as profitable as other less socially responsible firms. Social responsibility requires companies to balance the benefits to be gained against the costs of achieving those benefits.
When I was 11 years old, Dad promised to take me with him on a business trip to San Francisco. I was so excited! We were going to be there for two days, and we planned everything. Dad was going to be busy in meetings the first day, so I would hang around the hotel. After his meetings, we planned to have our favorite Chinese food. Then we’d take a ride on a tourist bus, and go back to our hotel room for a video and chocolate ice cream. I was dying with anticipation. The day finally arrived. The hours dragged by as I waited at the hotel. Six o’clock came, but Dad didn’t. Finally, at 6:30, he arrived with another man, an influential businessman. I remember how my heart sank as this man asked if we would like to go to a seafood restaurant with him. Oh no! I thought. I hate fish and I’ll just sit there while Dad and his friend talk. I could see all my hopes and plans I had with my dad being ruined. I will never forget the feeling I had when Dad said to his friend, “I’d love to go to the restaurant with you, but tonight is a special time with my daughter.” I could tell this man was disappointed, but amazingly to me, he seemed to understand. Dad and I did everything we had planned on that trip. I don’t think any young girl ever loved her father as much as I loved mine that night.

#2005 6월
If you spend lots of time outdoors, you probably know that “SPF 30” is a rating for sunscreen. The higher a sunscreen’s Sun Protection Factor (SPF), the longer you can be exposed to sunlight before your skin gets burned. The earth also has a sunscreen which is called ozone. A band of ozone high above the earth shields the planet from the sun’s harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays. The ozone layer, however, is being destroyed. As a result, more UV rays strike the earth. Exposure to harmful rays can cause skin cancer in humans, destroy plants, and kill ocean plankton.
Suppose you have a tight pair of red shoes.  Whenever you wear them, they hurt. So you want to take them off the minute you put them on. This discourages you from wearing the red shoes. Every time you want to wear your red suit, you look at those red shoes. The act of putting on the red shoes is painful, however, so that behavior is suppressed. This is an example of negative reinforcement. In the same way, negative reinforcement tells your child only what will bring on pain. In this case, the red shoes are replaced by a feeling of being ignored or of stress resulting from unexplained punishment. The negative reinforcement tells the child what not to do, without indicating what he or she should do. The use of negative reinforcement, therefore, is not a good way of bringing up children, since it gives them no information about desirable behavior. Because of this, parents are advised to practice positive reinforcement in order to give the child guidance regarding alternative courses of action.

#2004 6월
 Is it possible to measure beauty? Well, the ancient Greeks believed that all beauty could be explained with math and used a system to find what they called the “Golden Ratio.” They found it by drawing lines between key points of a beautiful object and making calculations. They believed that all beautiful things share the same ratio. This idea is still popular today. An American researcher carefully measured thousands of faces and was able to produce a “Universal Beauty Mask” based on this Golden Ratio. According to him, how closely the mask fits can show how beautiful you are.
In July 2001, the European Union passed a law requiring all food products from GM crops to be clearly marked. Many countries have stopped further planting until there are more health checks. Moreover, public concern is so great in some countries that food companies are ending the use of GM crops altogether. So, people around the world are starting to ask the question: Just how safe are these new “designer” foods? Yet in spite of the advantages mentioned above, the use of GM crops is causing debates among scientists. Research has discovered that GM crops were harming  butterflies, and also that GM food slowed growth and increased disease in rats. Resistance to GM foods around the world is growing. With the global population expected to rise to 9 billion within 50 years, GM technology is giving hope to people around the world. They think GM crops can offer bigger harvests, better quality, and less need for spraying poisons to kill insects. Not surprisingly, the use of GM seeds has quickly become popular among farmers. More than fifty percent of all crops planted in the U.S. are from GM seeds, including tomatoes, corn, and potatoes.

#2019 9월
Most of us have a general, rational sense of what to eat and when―there is no shortage of information on the subject. Yet there is often a disconnect between what we know and what we do. We may have the facts, but decisions also involve our feelings. Many people who struggle with difficult emotions also struggle with eating problems. Emotional eating is a popular term used to describe eating that is influenced by emotions, both positive and negative. Feelings may affect various aspects of your eating, including your motivation to eat, your food choices, where and with whom you eat, and the speed at which you eat. Most overeating is prompted by feelings rather than physical hunger. Individuals who struggle with obesity tend to eat in response to emotions. However, people who eat for emotional reasons are not necessarily overweight. People of any size may try to escape an emotional experience by preoccupying themselves with eating or by obsessing over their shape and weight.
Ever since the first scientific opinion polls revealed that most Americans are at best poorly informed about politics, analysts have asked whether citizens are equipped to play the role democracy assigns them. However, there is something worse than an inadequately informed public, and that’s a misinformed public. It’s one thing when citizens don’t know something, and realize it, which has always been a problem. It’s another thing when citizens don’t know something, but think they know it, which is the new problem. It’s the difference between ignorance and irrationality. Whatever else one might conclude about self-government, it’s at risk when citizens don’t know what they’re talking about. Our misinformation owes partly to psychological factors, including our tendency to see the world in ways that suit our desires. Such factors, however, can explain only the misinformation that has always been with us. The sharp rise in misinformation in recent years has a different source: our media. “They are making us dumb,” says one observer. When fact bends to fiction, the predictable result is political distrust and polarization.
Both the budget deficit and federal debt have soared during the recent financial crisis and recession. During 2009－2010, nearly 40 percent of federal expenditures were financed by borrowing. The huge recent federal deficits have pushed the federal debt to levels not seen since the years immediately following World War II. The rapid growth of baby-boomer retirees in the decade immediately ahead will mean higher spending levels and larger and larger deficits for both Social Security and Medicare. Moreover, more than half of Americans age 18 and older derive benefits from various transfer programs, while paying little or no personal income tax. All of these factors are going to make it extremely difficult to slow the growth of federal spending and keep the debt from ballooning out of control. Projections indicate that the net federal debt will rise to 90 percent of GDP by 2019, and many believe it will be even higher unless constructive action is taken soon.
Erikson believes that when we reach the adult years, several physical, social, and psychological stimuli trigger a sense of generativity. A central component of this attitude is the desire to care for others. For the majority of people, parenthood is perhaps the most obvious and convenient opportunity to fulfill this desire. Erikson believes that another distinguishing feature of adulthood is the emergence of an inborn desire to teach. We become aware of this desire when the event of being physically capable of reproducing is joined with the events of participating in a committed relationship, the establishment of an adult pattern of living, and the assumption of job responsibilities. According to Erikson, by becoming parents we learn that we have the need to be needed by others who depend on our knowledge, protection, and guidance. We become entrusted to teach culturally appropriate behaviors, values, attitudes, skills, and information about the world. By assuming the responsibilities of being primary caregivers to children through their long years of physical and social growth, we concretely express what Erikson believes to be an inborn desire to teach.
Perceptions of forest use and the value of forests as standing timber vary considerably from indigenous peoples to national governments and Western scientists. These differences in attitudes and values lie at the root of conflicting management strategies and stimulate protest groups such as the Chipko movement. For example, the cultivators of the Himalayas and Karakoram view forests as essentially a convertible resource. That is, under increasing population pressure and growing demands for cultivable land, the conversion of forest into cultivated terraces means a much higher productivity can be extracted from the same area. Compensation in the form of planting on terrace edges occurs to make up for the clearance. This contrasts with the national view of the value of forests as a renewable resource, with the need or desire to keep a forest cover over the land for soil conservation, and with a global view of protection for biodiversity and climate change purposes, irrespective of the local people’s needs.
As a couple start to form a relationship, they can be seen to develop a set of constructs about their own relationship and, in particular, how it is similar or different to their parents’ relationship. The couple’s initial disclosures involve them forming constructs about how much similarity there is between them and each other’s families. What each of them will remember is selective and coloured by their family’s constructs system. In turn it is likely that as they tell each other their already edited stories, there is a second process of editing whereby what they both hear from each other is again interpreted within their respective family of origin’s construct systems. The two sets of memories―the person talking about his or her family and the partner’s edited version of this story―go into the ‘cooking-pot’ of the couple’s new construct system. Subsequently, one partner may recall a part of the other’s story as a tactic in negotiations: for example, Harry may say to Doris that she is being ‘bossy―just like her mother’. Since this is probably based on what Doris has told Harry, this is likely to be a very powerful tactic. She may protest or attempt to rewrite this version of her story, thereby possibly adding further material that Harry could use in this way. These exchanges of stories need not always be employed in such malevolent ways. These reconstructed memories can become very powerful, to a point where each partner may become confused even about the simple factual details of what actually did happen in their past.
Over the last week, Jason had been feeling worried about his daughter, Sally. For two months now, Sally had been absorbed, perhaps even excessively, in studying birds. He was afraid she might begin to ignore her schoolwork. While shopping, Jason was glad to run into his old friend Jennifer, a bird expert working at the local university. Maybe she could help ease his concern. Upon hearing about Sally’s interest, Jennifer invited them both to visit her office to see just how deep Sally’s fascination was. Two days later, Jason and Sally visited Jennifer’s office. Sally was delighted by the books about birds and she joyfully looked at the beautiful pictures in them. It was while Jason and Jennifer were talking that Sally suddenly shouted, “Oh, I’ve seen this bird!” “Impossible,” replied Jennifer, not believing it. “This book shows rare birds. You can’t see any of them around here.” But she insisted, “I spotted a pair of them in their nest in a huge oak tree nearby!” Jennifer walked up to Sally and took a close look at the page. She calmly said, “That’s the black robin of Chathas Island. It’s one of the rarest birds, Sally. You couldn’t have seen it in this town.” Yet Sally persisted. “In that case, can you show me the nest?” asked Jennifer. “Yes, I can right now if you want,” answered Sally full of confidence. Jennifer put on her coat, pulled out a pair of binoculars, and stepped out. Sally and Jason followed. Approaching the tree, Sally shouted excitedly, “There, that’s the nest!” Jennifer looked up to see a small cup-shaped nest within a fork of the branches. Quickly, she took out her binoculars and peered where Sally pointed. In the fading evening light, she found the two rare black birds in their nest. “See, didn’t I tell you?” exclaimed Sally. Looking at her in joyful surprise, both Jason and Jennifer were proud of Sally. They now recognized her extraordinary gift and passion as a bird-watcher.

#2018 9월
One of the hallmarks of evaluating the quality of a black tea is by assessing how tightly the leaves are rolled. Generally, higher-graded teas are teas with leaves that are tightly and uniformly rolled. Lower-graded teas, on the other hand, are teas with leaves that are loosely and inconsistently rolled. With that said, the tightness of the roll has more to do with the steepability of a leaf than it does with the taste of a tea. Therefore, one should not evaluate the tea’s drinkability or taste merely because its leaves are not tightly rolled. It is common to find that people prefer the taste of looser rolled black teas over more expensive or more highly graded black teas that have been tightly rolled.
It has been said that eye movements are windows into the mind, because where people look reveals what environmental information they are attending to. However, there is more to attention than just moving the eyes to look at objects. We can pay attention to things that are not directly in our line of vision, as evidenced by the basketball player who dribbles down court while paying attention to a teammate off to the side, just before she throws a perfect pass without looking. We can also look directly at something without paying attention to it. You may have had this experience if you have been reading a book and then suddenly become aware that although you were moving your eyes across the page and “reading” the words, you had no idea what you had just read. Even though you were looking at the words, you apparently were not paying attention. There is a mental aspect of attention that involves processing that can occur independently of eye movements.
Today the term artist is used to refer to a broad range of creative individuals across the globe from both past and present. This rather general usage erroneously suggests that the concept or word “artist” existed in original contexts. In contrast to the diversity it is applied to, the meaning of this term continues to be mostly based on Western views and values. Since the fifteenth century, this tradition has been concerned with recognizing individual achievements. Inventions, ideas, and discoveries have been credited to the persons who originated them. This view is also at the core of the definition of an “artist.” Artists are perceived to establish a strong bond with their art to the point of combining into one “entity.” Art history has reinforced this oneness: A painting by Pablo Picasso is called “a Picasso.” This union between artists and their work has determined the essential qualities of an artist: originality, authorship, and authenticity.
The one area in which the Internet could be considered an aid to thinking is the rapid acquisition of new information. But this is more fictional than real. Yes, the simple act of typing a few words into a search engine will virtually instantaneously produce links related to the topic at hand. But the examination of the accuracy of information obtained in this manner is not a simple matter. What one often gets is no more than abstract summaries of lengthy articles. As a consequence, I suspect that the number of downloads of any given scientific paper has little relevance to the number of times the entire article has been read from beginning to end. My advice is that if you want to do some serious thinking, then you’d better disconnect the Internet, phone, and television set and try spending twenty-four hours in absolute solitude.
There are many instances of rapid work on the part of the great composers; and their facility and quickness of composition causes great wonder and admiration. But our admiration is often misdirected. When we hear of some of the speedy writing of great works by Mozart or Mendelssohn, we might think that this speed was of the composing power as well as of pen, but, in fact, such was seldom the case. These great musicians generally did their composition mentally without reference to pen or piano, and simply postponed the unpleasant manual labor of committing their music to paper until it became absolutely necessary. Then they got credit for incredible rapidity of composition. But it is no light matter to quickly and correctly pen a long and complicated composition. One has only to copy a piece of music or to try to put into notes some piece of music previously memorized, to realize this.
The weakness of local networks lies in their self-containment, for they lack input as well as outreach. In a classic study of urban politics, Herbert Gans found that neighborhoods with the highest levels of solidarity often were unable to block unfavorable policies and programs for lack of ties to possible allies elsewhere in the city. It was for this reason that Gans referred to them as “urban villagers.” As the opposite of local networks, cosmopolitan networks offer little solidarity and have little capacity to comfort and sustain members. But members benefit from a constant flow of new information and from the great reach of their influence, even if it tends to be somewhat lacking in strength. Local networks tend to be small. In contrast, cosmopolitan networks can be huge. Thus, while the “urban villagers” lacked ties even to their local city government, cosmopolitan network ties often lead into the White House. 
An important lesson to remember is that we should try to see the positives in life even while we are stuck in the middle of trouble. Riccardo, who was named after his father, an immigrant from Mexico, learned this lesson at a young age. Although the family called him Ricky, his father had his own nickname for him: Good-for-Nothing. Why did the elder Riccardo call him that? Because Ricky hated fishing. His father saw this very negatively, because he was a fisherman. He loved the fishing business. So did all of his sons, except for Good-for-Nothing Ricky. The boy did not like being on the boat, and the smell of fish made him sick. Instead, Ricky―who was not afraid of hard work― delivered newspapers, shined shoes, worked in the office, and even repaired nets. His income went to the family. Even so, his father was strongly dissatisfied with him and still always said that he was good for nothing. Since these jobs were not fishing, his father saw no value in them. Young Ricky hated fishing. Everything would be fine if it were not fishing, he thought to himself. Soon, Ricky began to follow his older brother who used to play sandlot ball. For Ricky, playing baseball with him was a way to forget his hardship. Fortunately, Ricky was very good at it, and was treated like a hero among his playmates. When Ricky was sixteen, he decided to drop out of school to become a baseball player. And by the time he was through with baseball, he had become a legend. The nation came to know Ricky as the most complete player of his generation, and he was voted into the Hall of Fame. And his father, the elder Riccardo, what did he think about it? Though he had wanted all of his sons to join the family business, he was finally proud of Ricky and respected his accomplishments. Ricky held onto hope in one of the most difficult moments of his life and achieved greatness.

#2017 9월
The pull effect of a destination can be positively influenced by the introduction and reinforcement of pro-tourism policies that make a destination more accessible. Governments, for example, can and often do employ awareness campaigns among the resident population to promote a welcoming attitude towards visitors, in order to foster a positive market image. However, because such campaigns depend on widespread social engineering, and because their effects can be counteracted by random acts of violence, positive outcomes cannot be guaranteed. Furthermore, it is the behaviour of some tourists, and the structure and development of tourism itself, that often generate negative attitudes within the host community. This implies that major structural changes to tourism itself, rather than awareness campaigns, may be required to foster a welcoming attitude. 
Psychologists Dember and Earl suggested that the motivation for exploration had its roots in a curiosity drive. They suggested that curiosity is stimulated by novelty and argued that novelty is in the eye of the beholder. We could have seen something many times before, but as the result of having new skills or competence, we discover new or different aspects of that object. This is very important for understanding why people will often return to explore things that they explored before or do things they have done before. In our daily lives, for example, we might decide to listen to a piece of music that we have listened to many times. By returning to that music with a new or fresh perspective, perhaps as a result of listening to other music, we find something new and interesting. One reason that people can play a card game such as bridge over and over is that no matter how many times you have played the game, it will be different in some way. 
The hunters, armed only with primitive weapons, were no real match for an angry mammoth. Many were probably killed or severely injured in the close encounters that were necessary to slay one of these gigantic animals. But the rewards were great when one was brought down. A single mammoth could feed, clothe, and supply a band for a long time. The hunters had followed the mammoths and other large animals eastward from Asia across what is now the Bering Sea. Some of them may have traveled by small boat along the coast, but many walked. Twenty thousand years ago, at the height of the last glacial period, sea level was so low that dry land joined what are now separate continents. Slowly, imperceptibly, and probably unconsciously, hunters had moved across the land bridge and become the first immigrants to the new land. Without the ice age, North America might have remained unpopulated for thousands of years more.
Researchers have reported various nonverbal features of sarcasm. Most disagree as to whether nonverbal cues are essential to the perception of sarcasm or the emotion that prompts it. Even so, research confirms the finding that nonverbal cues are more credible than verbal cues, especially when verbal and nonverbal cues conflict. Also, nonverbal cues are better indicators of speaker intent. As the nature of sarcasm implies a contradiction between intent and message, nonverbal cues may “leak” and reveal the speaker’s true mood as they do in deception. Ostensibly, sarcasm is the opposite of deception in that a sarcastic speaker typically intends the receiver to recognize the sarcastic intent; whereas, in deception the speaker typically intends that the receiver not recognize the deceptive intent. Thus, when communicators are attempting to determine if a speaker is sarcastic, they compare the verbal and nonverbal message and if the two are in opposition, communicators may conclude that the speaker is being sarcastic.
Our total set of values and their relative importance to us constitute our value system. The way that we behave in a given situation is often influenced by how important one value is to us relative to others. For instance, deciding whether to spend Saturday afternoon relaxing with your family or exercising will be determined by the relative importance that you place on family versus health. You feel value conflict when you do something that is consistent with one value but inconsistent with another equally important value. This dynamic can be illustrated with the example of parents who place equal value on convenience and concern for the environment. They may experience value conflict if they buy disposable diapers for their babies. Consumers facing such decisions consider not only the product’s immediate consumption outcomes but also the product’s general effect on society, including how the manufacturer behaves (e.g., toward the environment).
In science one experiment, whether it succeeds or fails, is logically followed by another in a theoretically infinite progression. According to the underlying myth of modern science, this progression is always replacing the smaller knowledge of the past with the larger knowledge of the present, which will be replaced by the yet larger knowledge of the future. In the arts, by contrast, no limitless sequence of works is ever implied or looked for. No work of art is necessarily followed by a second work that is necessarily better. Given the methodologies of science, the law of gravity and the genome were bound to be discovered by somebody; the identity of the discoverer is incidental to the fact. But it appears that in the arts there are no second chances. We must assume that we had one chance each for The Divine Comedy and King Lear. If Dante and Shakespeare had died before they wrote those works, nobody ever would have written them.

#2016 9월
If you walk into a store looking for a new computer and the first salesperson you meet immediately points to a group of computers and says, “Any of those are good,” and then walks away, there is a good chance you will walk away, too, and with good reason. Why? You were never asked what you were seeking, how much you could spend, or if the computer would be used for business or pleasure or your child’s homework assignments. In brief, the salesperson never considered or asked about your needs and preferences. Just as it would come as no surprise to learn the salesperson who was indifferent to a potential customer’s needs was soon out of a job, the same holds true for writers who ignore their readers. That is, the reader is the writer’s “customer” and one whose business or approval is one we need to seek. The more you know about your reader, the greater the chances you will meet his or her needs and expectations.
According to one traditional definition, aesthetics is the branch of philosophy that deals with beauty, especially beauty in the arts. Examining the pleasing features of the Mona Lisa or a snow-capped mountain, for example, would come under aesthetics. That definition seems too narrow, however, since works of art and natural objects may interest us in other ways than by being beautiful. Instead of evoking admiration of beauty, artists may evoke puzzlement, shock, and even disgust. Consider Picasso’s Guernica, a huge (11-ft.×25.6-ft.) painting in black, white, and grey that he made in response to the slaughter of Spanish civilians by German and Italian warplanes during the Spanish Civil War. Images of a cruel war dominate the canvas. This work is widely admired but not for being beautiful. So a better definition of aesthetics would be that it is the branch of philosophy that deals with the ways things please people in being experienced.
A 5-year-old doing addition problems by counting on makes the same error repeatedly, with responses such as: 7+3=9, 6+5=10 and 8+4=11. The teacher asks the pupil to show how these answers were obtained and notices that in doing the addition of 3 to 7, the pupil counts ‘seven, eight, nine’, while turning up three fingers in turn. The pupil is ‘counting on 3 from 7’ but incorrectly starting at 7. The teacher recalls similar errors that some pupils made when doing addition problems by counting on along a number line. Analysis of the errors leads the teacher to modify the teaching of these procedures, using the language ‘seven and three more’ rather than ‘seven, count on three’. This is immediately effective. So the teacher reinforces this particular language pattern in subsequent oral work with the whole class.
Can we sustain our standard of living in the same ecological space while consuming the resources of that space? This question is particularly relevant since we are living in an era of skyrocketing fuel costs and humans’ ever-growing carbon footprints. Some argue that we are already at a breaking point because we have nearly exhausted the Earth’s finite carrying capacity. However, it’s possible that innovations and cultural changes can expand Earth’s capacity. We are already seeing this as the world economies are increasingly looking at “green,” renewable industries like solar and hydrogen energy. Still, many believe we will eventually reach a point at which conflict with the finite nature of resources is inevitable. That means survival could ultimately depend on getting the human population below its carrying capacity. Otherwise, without population control, the demand for resources will eventually exceed an ecosystem’s ability to provide it.
Scientific experiments should be designed to show that your hypothesis is wrong and should be conducted completely objectively with no possible subjective influence on the outcome. Unfortunately few, if any, scientists are truly objective as they have often decided long before the experiment is begun what they would like the result to be. This means that very often bias is (unintentionally) introduced into the experiment, the experimental procedure or the interpretation of results. It is all too easy to justify to yourself why an experiment which does not fit with your expectations should be ignored, and why one which provides the results you ‘hoped for’ is the right one. This can be partly avoided by conducting experiments ‘blinded’ and by asking others to check your data or repeat experiments.
Certain species are more crucial to the maintenance of their ecosystem than others. Such species, called keystone species, are vital in determining the nature and structure of the entire ecosystem. The fact that other species depend on or are greatly affected by the keystone species is revealed when the keystone species is removed. It is in this sense that we should draw attention to fig trees. Different species of fig trees may be keystone species in tropical rain forests. Although figs collectively produce a continuous crop of fruits, fruit-eating monkeys, birds, bats, and other vertebrates of the forest do not normally consume large quantities of figs in their diets. During the time of year when other fruits are less plentiful, however, fig trees become important in sustaining fruit-eating vertebrates. Should the fig trees disappear, most of the fruit-eating vertebrates would be eliminated. Protecting fig trees in such tropical rainforest ecosystems is an important conservation goal because it increases the likelihood that monkeys, birds, bats, and other vertebrates will survive.
True understanding inevitably requires a knowledge of context. The proper way of understanding a beast in a zoo is a telling example. At the zoo, visitors may witness a great beast pacing behind the bars of its cage. They may observe and admire the creature, its amazing bone structure, and its magnificent coat. However, no matter how long visitors spend in front of that cage, they will never truly understand the beast. True understanding can only come from seeing the creature in its natural surroundings and, in turn, the ways in which its presence affects its environment. What is true of the mysterious beast in the zoo is also true of science. To fully understand science, it must be considered within the society in which it functions. Science is not conducted in a vacuum. It is embedded within a social fabric, and just as a flesh-and-blood beast influences and is influenced by its environment, so too do science and society mutually influence one another. Society, through ethical and economic constraints, exerts a powerful influence on what science accomplishes. At the same time, the results of science have profound, and sometimes unexpected, impacts on every human being on earth. Therefore, to make sense of science-related issues, it is critical to recognize the bidirectional relationship between science and society.
Peter Anderson was exhausted when he finally opened the front door of his apartment. He teaches first graders, which means he lives in a world of riddles, birthday cakes, and pointless stories. His world is dominated by 6-year-olds. Throwing himself with his leather bag on the long, comfortable sofa, he closed his eyes and reviewed the events of the day. Today was especially busy and wearying, and Anderson wondered whether he was really suitable for teaching. He was stressed as kids constantly sought his attention. At snack time, Emily wanted him to open her milk carton, so he did. As she was drinking, Scott spilled his milk and Anderson had to help him clean it up. Then Jenny, Andrew, Mark, and . . . . Kids never ceased. However, he still loved them. That’s also what he had said in the interview for the position. It was held in a seminar room where Anderson met the principal for the first time three years ago. The principal asked why he chose to work with young children. He answered that he loved helping children learn to write their names for the first time, finding someone a new friend, and sharing in the joy of reading. But, as time passed, his commitment and passion seemed to fade gradually. He recalled his strong conviction during the interview. That’s why Anderson took the job in the first place even though some of his friends attempted to persuade him to be a lawyer or businessman. He shook his head and opened his eyes. Ashe struggled to get up, he saw something fall from his bag. It was a birthday card from his students, decorated with all kinds of odd-shaped but colorful hearts and scribbled names. “Dear Mr. Anderson, happy birthday to you. It’s our surprise gift for you. We love you!” Anderson could not help but smile. He already felt much better.

#2015 9월
We’ve all heard the phrase “the family that plays together, stays together.” The wisdom in this phrase is that social play builds ties between people that are lasting and consequential. This wisdom holds outside the human family circle as well. For example, when one ground squirrel sees a predator in the distance, it will sound an alarm call that alerts other squirrels to run for cover. It’s a risky move. In crying out, the danger-spotting squirrel draws attention to itself, which may well attract the predator. Scientists used to think that animals would risk their lives like this only for kin with whom they shared common genes. New evidence suggests, however, that squirrels also sound alarm calls for former playmates, not genetically related. These squirrels developed a social resource while playing―and these buddies will put their lives on the line to save their playmates.
Self-fulfilling prophecies can have a positive side. We know that students introduced to their teachers as “intellectual bloomers” often do better on achievement tests than do their counterparts who lack such a positive introduction. In a study of army tank crews, one set of tank commanders was told that some members of their assigned crews had exceptional abilities while others were only average. In reality, the crew members had been assigned randomly so that the two test groups were equal in ability. The commanders later reported that the so-called “exceptional” crew members performed better than the “average” ones. The study also revealed the commanders had given more attention and praise to the crew members for whom they had the higher expectations. The self-fulfilling effects in these cases strongly suggest that managers adopt positive and optimistic approaches toward others at work.
Studies do show that motorists are more likely to yield to pedestrians in marked crosswalks than at unmarked crosswalks. But as some researchers found, that does not necessarily make things safer. When they compared the way pedestrians crossed at both kinds of crosswalks on roads with considerable traffic volumes, they found that people at unmarked crosswalks tended to look both ways more often, waited more often for gaps in traffic, and crossed the road more quickly. Researchers suspect that both drivers and pedestrians are more aware that drivers should yield to pedestrians in marked crosswalks.  Not kBut neither are aware of this fact when it comes to unmarked crosswalks. nowing traffic safety laws, it turns out, is actually a good thing for pedestrians. Because they do not know whether cars are supposed to stop, they act more cautiously. Marked crosswalks, by contrast, may give pedestrians an unrealistic picture of their own safety.
Experts have found that reading classical texts benefits the mind by catching the reader’s attention and triggering moments of self-reflection. The brain activity of volunteers was monitored as they read classical works. These same texts were then “translated” into more straightforward, modern language and again the readers’ brains were monitored as they read the words. Scans showed that the more challenging prose and poetry set off far more electrical activity in the brain than the more pedestrian versions. Scientists were able to study the brain activity as it responded to each word and record how it lit up as the readers encountered unusual words, surprising phrases or difficult sentence structures. This lighting up lasts long enough to shift the brain into a higher gear, encouraging further reading. The research also found that reading the more challenging version of poetry, in particular, increases activity in the right hemisphere of the brain, helping the readers to reflect on and reevaluate their own experiences in light of what they have read. The academics said this meant the classics were more useful than self-help books.
Organisms must compete for resources not only with members of their own species, but with members of other species. When two species use the same resource and the resource is scarce, the species must compete just as if they were members of the same population. One of the two species usually turns out to be better at the competition. If two species eat exactly the same food, for example, one of the two will be better at catching it. Unless something interferes, the inferior competitor loses out and the competitively superior species takes over. When one species eliminates another by outcompeting it, it is called competitive exclusion. Sometimes a competitively superior species is prevented from excluding poorer competitors. Periodic disturbances such as severe storms, battering by drifting logs, or underwater landslides can reduce the population of a dominant competitor and give other species a chance. Furthermore, which species is competitively superior sometimes depends on the conditions. On rocky shores in tropical Hong Kong, for example, foliose (leaf-like) algae are the dominant seaweeds during the relatively cool winter. In the summer heat, these forms die out and are replaced by more resistant encrusting algae. Seasonal variation thus prevents either group from excluding the other, and there is a shifting balance between the competing species.
Jim Nelson, a junior at Manti High School, was an outstanding athlete. He had just made the school basketball team, one of the best in the state. But on October 23, 1996, most of his athletic future was suddenly taken away from him. Jim was riding his bicycle at night to visit his friend. The road was very steep in some places. It was very dark and difficult to see. As he came around a sloping curve on his bicycle, Jim hit a car parked on the side of the road. He ended up in the hospital. Besides bad cuts on his head, he broke his right arm and was in a cast for two months. Jim’s doctor gave him a series of tests. The doctor concluded that he had suffered nerve damage and that he might never regain the full use of his right arm. Because of his injury, Jim wasn’t able to play on the basketball team during the rest of that year, but the coach did make him equipment manager so that he could come and practice. All summer long in 1997, each and every night, he practiced making left-handed baskets. When the next season arrived, Jim was ready to try out for the team― and he made it again! Jim never became a starter, but he was always the first substitute to go in the game. Jim got a chance to play in the last 30 seconds of the championship game when a starting player sprained his ankle. With 10 seconds left, Jim balanced the ball in his left hand and took the shot. The crowd was deathly quiet until ― swish! He made the three-point-shot left-handed! Jim won not only the game but also the hearts of his teammates for proving that with determination, no obstacle is too great. 

#2014-B 9월
Most of the words we use and the meanings we think about are a combination of simpler ideas. Consider a chair. Before you can have an idea of a chair, you need to understand that there exist in the world certain functional objects. Some of these objects support human activity, in this case, sitting. Some of them are specialized for sitting at certain high places, like bar stools. If you learned about a culture in which a certain type of chair was used only for the purpose of sitting while waiting for a bus, you might think this is odd but would have no difficulty understanding it. The combination of the concepts chair and waiting for bus allows you to create the new complex concept chair used while waiting for bus. But the basic concept of chair is built out of the simpler ideas that we take for granted: object, furniture, sitting.
By changing the focus or context of a task, we can get renewed energy even when we feel that we are completely out of energy. To demonstrate this, a psychologist asked people to take part in what she called ‘semi-free tasks’. The tasks included drawing, repeatedly writing ‘ababababababab...’, or reading a short poem. The participants were asked to do these tasks until they felt exhausted. The experimenter then changed the context so that the participants had to do a subtly different task. Those drawing were asked to redraw their last picture to demonstrate how quickly they could draw. Those writing ‘abab’ were asked to sign their name and address. In this new context their fatigue disappeared. This phenomenon of creating a second wind can be seen in action at airports where security officers rotate around different stations to stop routine-induced fatigue from settling in.
During the 1970s, researchers began to suggest that human vulnerability to hazards, rather than the hazards themselves, was central to understanding the importance of hazards, particularly when considering that a city is a geographical focus for large populations. Further, it was reported that human and material losses from disasters had increased during the 20th century. This happened at a time when cities in the developing world were growing at unprecedented rates, bringing together large populations of low income urban residents, often on hazardous spontaneous settlements which made them far more vulnerable to natural and human-induced hazards. It is precisely this issue of vulnerability on which a number of social scientists focused, arguing that although floods, landslides and earthquakes are natural processes, the disasters that can be associated with them are not a result of natural processes, but of human vulnerability.
If you don’t get the kind of information failure provides, you’ll end up with unrealistic expectations for yourself, explains a psychologist. You could wind up in a position where failure, which has gathered under cover of darkness, reveals itself all at once. We should hope, then, for exposure to failure, early and often. The sociologist Glen Elder proposed that there is a sensitive period for growth―late teens through early 30s― during which failures are most beneficial. Such a pattern seems to promote the trait sometimes called equanimity. We learn that trauma is survivable, so we don’t plunge too deeply following setbacks. Nor, conversely, do we soar too high on our successes. Some businesses in Silicon Valley and on Wall Street make a point of hiring ex-pro athletes to their staffs. It’s not just that their high profile draws business. It’s because athletes are good at recovering from their failures. “We needed people who could perform and not get emotionally attached to losses,” a Chicago oil trader told the New York Times, explaining why the firm likes athletes on the trading floor, particularly in ugly economic times like these. The image is of a rider easy in the saddle. Nothing can so surprise her―either for good or ill― that she’ll be knocked off. One way to help keep life’s slings and arrows from knocking you off course is to ensure your life is multidimensional, says Stephen Berglas, a California psychologist and personal coach. That way, a setback in any one area won’t mean in your mind that you’re a failure categorically. Call it spreading your risk across your emotional portfolio―or adding another leg to the furniture for balance, says Berglas.
To be creative problem solvers, people must learn to approach complexity with a certain naive simplicity. And by letting their thinking become more free, they can improve their chances of discovering new unencumbered perceptions of old problems or entirely new creations. For this, they can mentally play with the ideas in a childlike manner. Here is an example story. In a small Moravian village at the time of the old Austrian empire, an inspector from the Ministry of Education arrived one day to visit the schoolroom. It was part of his duty to make such periodic inspections of the schools. At the end of the hour, after he had observed the class, he stood up and said: “I am glad to see that you children are doing well in your studies. I am satisfied with your progress. Therefore, before I go, there is one question I would like to ask. How many hairs does a horse have?” Very quickly one little nine-year-old boy raised his hand, to the astonishment of the teacher and the visitor. He stood up and said, “The horse has 3,571,962 hairs.” The inspector wonderingly asked, “And how do you know that this is the right number?” The boy replied, “If you do not believe me, you could count them yourself.” The inspector broke into loud laughter, thoroughly enjoying the boy’s remark. As the teacher escorted him along the aisle to the door, still laughing heartily, he said: “What an amusing story! I must tell this story to my colleagues when I return to Vienna. I can already see how they will take it; they enjoy nothing better than a good joke.” And with that, he took his leave. It was a year later, and the inspector was back again at the village school for his annual visit. As the teacher was walking along the aisle with him to the door, he stopped and said, “By the way, Mr. Inspector, how did your colleagues like the story of the horse and the number of his hairs?” The inspector slapped the teacher on the back. “Oh yes,” he said, “you know, I was really very anxious to tell that story― and a fine story it was― but you see, I wasn’t able for the life of me to remember the number of hairs.”

#2014-A 9월
Power walking is a type of exercise that nearly anyone can do. Many people enjoy this form of exercise because it can be done outdoors in fresh air where the scenery can be changed by altering the course of the walk. Alternatively, the exercise may be done indoors, in a climate-controlled environment, on a treadmill. People should start with a short distance on flat ground and gradually increase the distance and intensity. While power walking, people should wear shoes with a good arch support to avoid injury and wear clothes appropriate for the climate. In 1986, Martin Handford, a young British commercial artist who specialized in drawing cartoon scenes for clients, had the idea of publishing his illustrations in book form. His idea was to depict humorous crowd scenes in various locations, including a beach, a train station, and a country fair. To create a unifying theme for the many crowd scenes, he invented a character of a backpacking tourist who would appear in each location. In the original British editions of the book, the character’s name was Wally. He went on to publish seven more Where’s Wally books, create a television show, and license several video games. Although the fad for his character declined in the late 1990s, there is still occasional talk of a Wally movie. Wally is licensed in at least 17 countries, where he looks pretty much the same but often goes by different names.
Most of the words we use and the meanings we think about are a combination of simpler ideas. Consider a chair. Before you can have an idea of a chair, you need to understand that there exist in the world certain functional objects. Some of these objects support human activity, in this case, sitting. Some of them are specialized for sitting at certain high places, like bar stools. If you learned about a culture in which a certain type of chair was used only for the purpose of sitting while waiting for a bus, you might think this is odd but would have no difficulty understanding it. The combination of the concepts chair and waiting for bus allows you to create the new complex concept chair used while waiting for bus. But the basic concept of chair is built out of the simpler ideas that we take for granted: object, furniture, sitting.
Effective communication is vital to achieving wellness because our daily interactions with others are important factors in our emotional health. People who have developed a high degree of communication skills are more likely to have the potential for deeper bonds in their personal relationships than non-communicators. Perhaps the greatest communication satisfaction comes from our close relationships, which are the main source of our emotional health. Close relationships develop when two people can exchange emotional messages easily and effectively. Whether we develop effective communication skills that promote healthy interactions depends largely on how we learn to communicate. For example, interaction between parents and their children is often important in determining whether a child is shy or unafraid of interaction. Good parents listen to their children and allow them to talk about their fears and unhappiness. Children raised in households that foster communication find it easier to talk to others about their disappointments, fears, frustrations, and other emotions later in life. Such individuals find that they ultimately have better emotional health.
The school orchestra was practicing in the auditorium, and Mr. Grey was clapping his hands to mark the rhythm when he heard the town emergency siren. “Stop! Everyone!” he shouted. Then, he ran to the door and pushed it open. But a burst of wind slammed the door right back, and it hit him hard. He fell down and didn’t move. Janet was the oldest kid. And she knew instantly. This was a tornado. Kids were shocked to see Mr. Grey fall down, and they began screaming. Nikki put her mouth next to Janet’s ear and yelled, “We need help!” Janet was scared too, but she fought the fear. Janet pulled Nikki and ran over to the grand piano. She grabbed the whistle out of her bag and blew it hard three times. Every kid on the stage turned to look at Janet. In three seconds, all kids were gathered around her. Looking at the kids around her, Janet yelled as loudly as she could, “Rick and Matt, get Mr. Grey on that cart and roll him over here! Everyone else, grab the music stands and bring them next to the piano. Hurry!” When everyone came back, Janet asked five of them to follow. They ran to where the curtain hung along the wall of the stage. Janet grabbed the edge of the curtain and screamed, “Everyone, grab hold and pull!” When the curtain fell, they pulled it over the tops of the music stands and the grand piano. Then, she motioned everyone to get under the curtain. The wind noise rose again, but Janet was now safely hidden inside the piano and curtain fort with the rest of the orchestra. Relieved, they thanked one another and felt oneness in their hearts.



#2013 9월
Economic distance relates to the time and cost involved in traveling from the origin to the destination area and back. The higher the economic distance, the higher the resistance for that destination and, consequently, the lower the demand. It follows, conversely, that between any origin and destination point, if the travel time or travel cost can be reduced, demand will increase. Many excellent examples of this are available, such as the introduction of the jet plane in 1959 and the introduction of the wide-bodied jets in the late 1960s. Jet planes first cut travel time between California and Hawaii, for example, from twelve hours to five hours, and demand grew dramatically. A similar surge in demand was experienced with the introduction of the wide-bodied planes for transatlantic flights. The introduction of these planes cut the travel cost by almost 50 percent between the United States and most countries on the European continent.
A former resident of Canton, Ohio, was trying to describe her image of the city to her classmates. She found they had no image of this mid-sized city. She described Canton as a city with major manufacturing facilities and a downtown revitalization program. Her explanation moved the city from the position of no image to that of a negative image. The class concluded that Canton is a typical, boring, industrialized city. Then she suddenly recalled an experience: “I remember  hearing from a teacher that during World War II Canton was a major U.S. target of the Germans.” Imagine, right after the cities of Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles, appears the name of Canton. That fact suddenly crystallized the concept of Canton. If Canton is destroyed, the nation might fall. That’s an image that gave meaning and fullness to what it meant to live in Canton.
Studying history is not about memorizing what we have been told―it requires us to investigate the past. Like a detective, we start with the easy, known pieces of information. We then shuffle the pieces around to see how they fit together. Once all the pieces fit, we have the full picture. As we put the pieces together, we challenge ourselves to think of other ways to describe what we know. For example, if someone told you that Chinese Emperor Qin Shihuang was a cruel ruler, would you simply accept this as the truth? Or, would you ask questions about the statement and look for information or evidence to support it? You have to go further to ask questions such as, “Why was he cruel?” and “What were the results of his rule?” Hence, studying history trains us not to accept everything we read or hear as the truth. Instead, it trains us to use our critical thinking skills to get the full picture of the past.
When you hear the word science, what’s the first thing that comes to mind? It’s probably an image of a laboratory filled with glassware and sophisticated equipment. The person doing the science is wearing a white lab coat and probably looks rather serious while engaged in some type of experiment. While there are many places where this traditional view of a scientist still holds true, labs aren’t the only place where science is at work. Science can also be found at a construction site, on a basketball court, and at a concert. The truth is that science is happening all around us. It’s at work in the kitchen when cooking meals, and we can even use it when painting pictures. Architects use science when designing buildings, and science also explains why your favorite baseball player can hit a home run.
Many of us believe that amnesia, or sudden memory loss, results in the inability to recall one’s name and identity. This belief may reflect the way amnesia is usually portrayed in movies, television, and literature. For example, when we meet Matt Damon’s character in the movie The Bourne Identity, we learn that he has no memory for who he is, why he has the skills he does, or where he is from. He spends much of the movie trying to answer these questions. However, the inability to remember your name and identity is exceedingly rare in reality. Amnesia most often results from a brain injury that leaves the victim unable to form new memories, but with most memories of the past intact.
Our romantic mistakes can always be undone these days, which you would think is a good thing. But the very reversibility of our romantic commitments has only worsened our problem because that also undermines our satisfaction with our choices. To see this, you only need to look at a study of a group of college students in a photography class. The students made a print of their two best photographs. They were then told that they could choose one of the photos but that the other would be kept on file as an example of their work. Then, the teacher added a twist. One group was told that their choice was final. Whatever they chose, they could not change their minds later. The other group was told that they could switch photographs if they changed their minds. In a survey taken later, students who were allowed to change their mind liked their photos less than the other students. Why this paradoxical result? According to one researcher, the brain has a kind of built-in defense system that works to make us satisfied with choices that cannot be undone. Despite thinking that we would like the freedom to change our minds, it appears that we are happier with our choices if we think they can’t be changed, which means we would be better off if we made romantic commitments more permanent and more difficult to break, rather than less.
Maureen Ferris was my best friend and I sometimes visited her house after school. Her mother was stern and meticulous about house cleaning. My mother, on the other hand, did not care as much about a messy house. She had sauce stains on her apron and sometimes allowed the laundry to pile up. In the midst of her chores, my mother spent time reading. This was her time away from endless hours of child care and housework. Unironed school blouses and a dirty kitchen might make her feel guilty, but her reading never did. One day, as I played in Maureen’s clean house, her mom fixed me with her cool gray eyes and said, “Your mother’s nice, but she reads too much.” I was stunned. The next time I caught my mother reading in her little patch of sunlight, I studied her in the doorway and decided her apron could use a washing. Shame flushed through me. Reading was the cause―pleasure-reading in broad daylight. Silently, I made vows that would keep me from sharing my mother’s fate. I tried my best not to follow in her footsteps, but I didn’t know that it was already too late for me. The way I treasured my books revealed the extent of how much I was already like my mother. The years passed in a blur of covertly turned pages until I was a grown-up schoolteacher with a husband and children of my own. I struggled mightily with my own desire to open a novel in brazen daylight. My only guiltless reading occurred at night, when the dishes were rattling in the dishwasher and the kids were in bed. I carried over the love of reading to my workplace as well. Off I’d go to work each day, passing on the gift of reading to my students. I’d watch as they discovered they could read and make sense of the letters and the words on a page. All over the world there was agreement that this was important, as important as eating or thinking or working. And then one day, I finally understood what she had tried to show us, that reading was housework of the very best kind. 

#2012 9월
One reason why the definitions of words have changed over time is simply because of their misuse. There are a growing number of examples where the incorrect meaning of relatively commonplace language has become more widespread than the original intention or definition. The word ‘peruse’ is one of them. Most people think that to ‘peruse’ something means to ‘scan or skim it quickly, without paying much attention.’ In fact, this is the exact opposite of what ‘peruse’ really means: ‘to study or read something carefully, in detail.’ But the word has been misused so often by so many people, that this second sense of it―the exact opposite of what it actually means―has finally been accepted as a secondary definition and as far as most people know, it is the only definition. Now, imagine that an angry customer sent you a letter about the service he received in one of your stores. If your reply is that you ‘perused his letter,’ he is likely to get even more angry than he was before.
Evolutionary psychologists have suggested that the absence of any effective form of refrigeration was critical to our early moral development. Let’s say that you’re an early humanoid hunting and gathering on the African savannah and you strike it lucky. You come across a huge beast and you manage to kill it. It yields far more meat than anyone involved in the hunt or their families can possibly consume. How do you get the most benefit of your excess meat without a fridge, or anywhere to store it? The smartest of our deep ancestors would have stored their excess meat in the bodies and minds of others (not just their own kin). Provided those benefiting from your gift could possibly repay your generosity in the future, that was the best thing you could do with excess meat. Groups of early humans who developed stable relationships and practiced this sort of mutual altruism were in a better position to prosper and multiply.
A bumper sticker reading “Don’t Believe Everything You Think” is placed on the edge of the whiteboard in Greene’s office. It represents the underlying message of the book he is writing. An analogy carried throughout the book compares the moral brain to a camera with automatic settings for taking a picture of a mountain or an indoor portrait or a close-up of a flower, and manual settings for unusual conditions or when we want a nonstandard artistic effect. Greene believes emotions and intuitions are the auto settings for our morality while reasoning is the manual mode. We need our intuitions to make the millions of quick judgments that fill our lives from day to day or else we could not function. But they are not always trustworthy moral indicators, since they were set to handle problems deep in our evolutionary past and are often useless for the newer complexities of the modern world. We need to rely on our manual settings, the reasoning sections of our brain, for more complex or novel situations, Greene says. 
I grew up in a small town in northern California, between wide-open ranchland and dark forests, feeling at home in two places: the wild land and books. I read constantly, hungrily, and without direction, collecting a strange stew of facts and ideas about the rest of the world. I longed for a world away from what I knew and outrageously outside my means. One morning I came across a catalog for a college preparatory school called Billups Academy. It had a summer program and offered scholarships for high school students to ‘deepen and extend their intellectual, aesthetic, and moral interests.’ I applied for and won a scholarship. Billups wasn’t just another school―it was another world. I was used to big skies, wild water, snakes and horses, and solitude. What waited for me in this new world was tree-lined avenues, brick buildings with white pillars, and a wood-paneled library. Unlike back at home, in the new school, I was no longer the smartest kid in the classroom. I wasn’t the most talented, or the least. Before going to Billups, one of my dreams was to become a photographer. That dream came to an abrupt halt in a photography class. There was no denying in the other students’ pictures that they were far more talented than I was. I became severely depressed as one dream after another faded from me. Then, on the last night of the summer program, it hit me. I had been blind to a lesson that was staring at me in the face. The important lesson I learned at Billups ―the world was a lot bigger than I had imagined it to be―was a little painful. It meant I was a lot smaller than I’d realized. I went on to attend a state university and I began to write about my disappearing dreams and new dreams, about wishing and disappointment and feeling small. One day a professor there took hold of me and said, “You’re a writer.” Until then, I hadn’t really known. I had to figure out who I was not going to be before I could get on to who I was. The lesson from Billups lay below the surface, but when I began to write, it rose like flowers and bloomed into words and stories and books, and me.
The McDonald’s restaurants that are located across the United States ―and, increasingly, the world―have a significance that goes far beyond the convenience of quick hamburgers, milk shakes, and salads. As sociologist George Ritzer says, our everyday lives are being ‘McDonaldized.’ The McDonaldization of society does not refer just to the robotlike assembly of food. This term refers to the standardization of everyday life, a process that is transforming our lives. Want to do some shopping? Shopping malls offer one-stop shopping in controlled environments. Planning a trip? Travel agencies offer ‘package’ tours. They will transport middle-class Americans to ten European capitals in fourteen days. All visitors experience the same hotels, restaurants, and other scheduled sites. Efficiency brings dependability. You can expect your burger and fries to taste the same whether you buy them in Los Angeles or Beijing. Although efficiency also lowers prices, it does come at a cost. Predictability washes away spontaneity, changing the quality of our lives. It produces a sameness, a bland version of what used to be unique experiences. In my own travels, for example, had I taken packaged tours I never would have had the eye-opening experiences that have added so much to my appreciation of human diversity. For good or bad, our lives are being McDonaldized, and the predictability of packaged settings seems to be our social destiny. Our coming prepackaged society will be efficient, of course. But it also means that we will be trapped in the ‘iron cage’ of bureaucracy ―just as Weber warned would happen. 

#2011 9월
Even worse than reaching a conclusion with just a little evidence is the fallacy of reaching a conclusion without any evidence at all. Sometimes people mistake a separate event for a cause-and-effect relationship. They see that ‘A’ happened before ‘B’, so they mistakenly assume that ‘A’ caused ‘B’. This is an error known in logic as a post hoc fallacy. For example, suppose you see a man in a black jacket hurry into a bank. You notice that he is nervously carrying his briefcase, and a few moments later you hear a siren. You therefore leap to the conclusion that the man in the black jacket has robbed the bank. However, such a leap tends to land far from the truth of the matter. You have absolutely no evidence―only a suspicion based on coincidence. This is a post hoc fallacy.
Hopi religion features a ritual calendar that includes a large number of annually required ceremonies. In most cases, each ceremony is ‘owned’ by the members of a certain clan. Every clan represented in a village has a clanhouse in which the masks and other sacred items used in the ceremonies are kept when not in use. The clanhouse usually consists of a room adjoining the dwelling of the senior female member of the clan. This woman is in charge of storing ritual equipment and of seeing to it that they are treated with the proper respect. There is also a male head of each clan whose duties likewise are partly religious because he is in charge of the performance of ceremonies owned by his clan. A male clan head passes his position down to either his younger brother or his sister’s son. In this way, culturally important ritual knowledge is kept within the clan.
The information processing model emphasizes rational analysis for solving problems, with an emphasis on techniques for quickly arriving at a solution. Culturally, this orientation fits well with the kinds of mental attributes which are normally valued by contemporary Western societies. For example, Westerners tend to admire someone who is independent and quick-thinking. But these characteristics are not universally valued. Agricultural African societies, for example, valued looking at the problem in the context of the whole society, noting its impact on various features of life. In most situations, speed in arriving at a solution was not a vital issue. This is also found with the Cree and Ojibway in Canada. These groups historically lived in wilderness areas and faced many hardships; in these circumstances, they would rarely get a second chance at solving problems. Consequently, these Native people value taking time to reflect on a problem and mentally walk through possible solutions before any action is taken.
The other day an acquaintance of mine, a sociable and charming man, told me he had found himself unexpectedly ‘alone’ in New York for an hour or two between appointments. He went to the Whitney Museum and spent the ‘empty’ time looking at things by himself. For him it proved to be a shock nearly as great as falling in love to discover that he could enjoy himself so much alone. What had he been afraid of? I asked myself. That, suddenly alone, he would discover that he bored himself, or that there was, quite simply, no self there to meet? But having taken the first step into this new world, he is now about to begin a new adventure; he is about to be launched into his own inner space, space as immense, unexplored, and sometimes frightening as outer space to the astronaut. His every perception will come to him with a new freshness and, for a time, seem startlingly original. For anyone who can see things for himself with a naked eye becomes, for a moment or two, something of a genius. With another human being present vision becomes double vision, inevitably. We are busy wondering, what does my companion see or think of this, and what do I think of it? The original impact gets lost. “Music I heard with you was more than music.” Exactly. And therefore music ‘itself’ can only be heard alone. Solitude is the salt of personhood. It brings out the authentic flavor of every experience.
My grandmother’s kitchen was overflowing with food. She raised her daughters to keep an extra box and bottle unopened in the cupboard for every bottle and box that was in use. Although she died before I was born, I was raised by her eldest daughter to do this same thing. Absentminded as I am, I often find I have accumulated two or even three extras of anything in my house. But this abundance did not mean that things were to be wasted. Everything was always used to the full. Even the tea bags were used twice. There is a family story told about my grandmother’s refrigerator. Her refrigerator was always full to the very edges and every shelf was put to use. Occasionally when someone, usually a child, opened it without sufficient caution, an egg would fall out and break on the kitchen floor. My grandmother’s response was always the same. She would look at the broken egg with satisfaction. “Aha,” she would say, “today we have a sponge cake!” Befriending life is not always about having things your own way. Life is impermanent and full of broken eggs. But what is true of eggs is even more true of pain and loss and suffering. Certain things are too important to be wasted. When I was sixteen, just after the doctor came and informed me that I had a disease that no one knew how to cure, my mother had reminded me of this. I had turned toward her in shock, but she did not cuddle or soothe. Instead she reached out and took me by the hand. “We will make a sponge cake,” she told me firmly. It has taken many years to find the recipe, the one that is my own, but I knew in that moment that this was what I needed to do.

#2010 9월
A man was diagnosed with a terminal illness and given six months to live. In his last few days, he said that he had done more in the past months than in his entire life. Remember that life has a deadline; we just do not know when it is. So let’s get one! We are going to do some calculations to find out how much longer you have to live. Start with the number 79, the average life expectancy. Now, subtract your current age. Multiply that number by 365. What you have is the number of days that you have left to live. Write this number down, and every morning cross it out and write the new number, which is one day less. This decreasing number is a constant reminder to motivate you to take action to live your life, today. You trade each day of your life for what you do in that day. Make a good trade!
Consider the following experiment with a strong and a weak pig. Two pigs are kept in a box with a lever at one end and a food dispenser at the other. When the lever is pushed, food appears at the dispenser. If the weak pig pushes the lever, the strong pig waits by the dispenser and eats all the food. Even if the weak pig races to the dispenser before the food is gone, the strong pig pushes the weak pig away. The weak pig realizes this, so it never pushes the lever first. On the other hand, if the strong pig pushes the lever, the weak pig waits by the dispenser and eats most of the food. But the strong pig can race to the dispenser and push the weak pig aside to claim the leftovers. This makes it worthwhile for the strong pig to push the lever. The outcome is that the strong pig does all the work and the weak pig does most of the eating.
As we explore together the virtual world that floats on the edge of this material life, the many imaginative territories you inhabit bring back another reality. I catch images of my own childhood wanderings through Narnia, the land of hobbits, and Mowgli’s jungle. All these are deep pleasures which combine all my senses and momentarily transport me into another dimension of living. If I were to bring it all together I would say that among all the misery, fear, injustice, and pain, I hope you will not forget moments when all this fades away into periods of innocent joy. It is when we bring all our powerful senses together, perhaps in a moment in the garden of earthly delights that we triumph over despair. So the moment when you dance to Handel or when you sit in a pool of wild flowers, or gravely take part in your first tea ceremony, these are the moments you will treasure. They are, with similar moments with friends and loved ones, what makes being human bearable.
When I first began teaching, I was invited to a workshop for new professors. Like most people who teach at universities, I had spent a long time learning what to teach, but none learning how to teach it. Somehow, my university seemed to hope, a weekend spent with experienced professors would make up for that. My colleagues presented well-crafted lectures about the tools they used in the classroom. I enjoyed their presentations, but do not remember a thing they said. One thing that I do remember happened at a coffee break. Finding myself alone, I turned to a mathematics professor standing nearby. I asked him what his favorite teaching tool was. “A cup of coffee,” he said. I asked him how he used it. “Well,” he said, “I talk too much and too fast in the classroom. Students sometimes have trouble following me. So every once in a while, when I’ve said something I want my students to think about, I stop and take a sip of coffee. It lets what I’ve just said sink in.” When we were called to the next talk, he put down his cup and I noticed there was not a trace of coffee in it. I thought that was rather odd, and said so. “My doctor told me to stop drinking coffee,” he explained. “So I have always used an empty cup. Doesn’t make any difference.” I decided to try his idea in my class, but not with an empty cup. I took a cup of coffee with me to my next class Monday morning. It helped. My pauses, as I drank the coffee, not only gave my students time to think about what I had said, but gave me time to think about what I was going to say next. I began to use my pauses to look around the room to see how my students were reacting to what I had just said. When I saw their attention wander, I tried to bring them back. When I saw them puzzled over some concept that I thought I had explained, I gave another example. My lectures became less organized and less brilliant, but my students seemed to understand me better.

#2009 9월
Younger workers tend to have more general skills and are less certain about where their skills might be put to their best uses. Hence, they tend to move between jobs on a regular basis. But when they leave their old job, they have little trouble finding a new one. Older workers, in contrast, more often have skills that are quite specific to the industry or firm in which they are currently employed. They already know their best employment option and are not inclined to move around between jobs. When they do leave work, however, finding a position that matches well with their precise skills is often difficult and time-consuming. Thus, unemployment that is a nuisance for a younger worker can be a damaging and financially draining experience for a mature worker.
Ralph was asked to work on the citizens’ general dissatisfaction with the effectiveness of city government. After spending some time with people in the city, he found one of the problems was the performance of the city planning department. Many citizens complained that the planners were experts at ‘drawing pictures,’ that is, physical planning and design, but did nothing to coordinate what they were doing. Ralph determined that the citizens’ complaints were justified, so he trained the city planners in setting objectives, selecting alternatives, data analysis, and coordination. At the end of the training, one of them said, “We’ll use this in the future. I’m not going to be drawing boxes any more.” Another one said, “The most important thing is that we’ve learned how to coordinate.” Ralph saw that the immediate, short-term payoff for the planning department was to become more responsive to the community and its growth.
When it comes to talking, I have observed two basic personality types. The first I call the ‘Dead Sea.’ People with this personality type have many experiences, emotions, and thoughts throughout the day. They have a large reservoir where they store that information, and they are perfectly happy not to talk. On the other extreme is the ‘Babbling Brook.’ For this personality, whatever enters into the eye gate or the ear gate comes out the mouth gate. Many times a Dead Sea marries a Babbling Brook. That happens because when they are dating, it is a very attractive match. If you are a Dead Sea and you date a Babbling Brook, you will have a wonderful evening. You do not have to think, “How will I get the conversation started tonight? How will I keep the conversation flowing?” In fact, you do not have to think at all. All you have to do is nod your head and say, “Uh-huh,” and she will fill up the whole evening and you will go home saying, “What a wonderful person!” On the other hand, if you are a Babbling Brook and you date a Dead Sea, you will have an equally wonderful evening because Dead Seas are the world’s best listeners. You will talk continuously for three hours. He will listen intently to you, and you will go home saying, “What a wonderful person!” You attract each other. But five years after marriage, the Babbling Brook wakes up one morning and says, “We’ve been married five years, and I don’t know you.” The Dead Sea is saying, “I know you too well. I wish you would stop the flow and give me a break.” The good news is that Dead Seas can learn to talk and Babbling Brooks can learn to listen. We are influenced by our personality but not controlled by it.

#2008 9월
There is an interesting relationship between a country’s developmental progress and its population structure. According to the theory of demographic transition, nations go through several developmental stages. The earliest stage is characterized by high birth and death rates and slow growth. As they begin to develop, the birth rate remains high, but the death rate falls. The result is that the population enters a period of rapid growth. Then, as industrialization peaks, the birth rate falls and begins to approximate the death rate. Eventually, population growth slows drastically, reaching a stage of very modest growth which is seen in many European nations today.
When a basketball team finds itself on the wrong side of momentum, or when its opponent has gained the advantage, the coach calls for a timeout. The timeout can break the momentum and allows the coach to adjust the game plan. He may have noticed a weakness on the other side that his team can utilize. The pause along with the adjusted game plan can also increase the team’s confidence and break its downward cycle. It can change the rhythm of the game. Likewise, we must occasionally call timeout. In the cycles of life and business we have times when we must break the rhythm of failure and loss. During this break in the action we must determine what is working and what is not.
On the first day of Spanish class, you read us a paragraph in a language that we knew nothing about, and I didn’t understand a word of it. From the panicked faces I saw around the room, none of my classmates did either. You promised us that on the last day of class when you reread it, we would understand. I rolled my eyes, knowing that there was no way I would be able to comprehend something so foreign by June. I gave you 180 days to prove me wrong, but remained content in knowing that you wouldn’t be able to do it. My freshman year flew by. Your Spanish class quickly became my favorite class. You taught us through arts and crafts, music, and pictures. All of your classes were incredibly visually stimulating. Your classes were just unusual enough to be completely memorable. Before I knew it, I found myself looking forward to your class, which was the last period of the day. I barely realized that the 180th day had arrived. I had done well throughout the year, and felt that I had learned a reasonable amount of new information, but that certainly didn’t mean that I understood Spanish. You still had to prove me wrong, as you’d promised so many months ago. I walked into your class for the last time, ever skeptical, and listened as you reread the passage from the first class. My jaw dropped in amazement when, as promised, I understood every word! All of those episodes of Muzzy cartoons and silly mnemonic devices had actually come together to form something surprisingly intelligible. I looked around at the rest of the class. The stunned faces that surrounded me proved that everyone else had also understood. The feeling of pride and accomplishment that came over me was incredible, and it is something that I will never forget.
Mel, a chimpanzee in Gombe, Nigeria, was three years old when his mother died. He had no elder brother or sister to adopt him. To our amazement, he was adopted by a twelve-year-old chimpanzee, Spindle, who was certainly not related to Mel. As weeks passed, the two became inseperable. Spindle took care of Mel while traveling; he permitted the infant to ride on his back, even allowed him to hang beneath, as a mother carries her baby. Most remarkably, if Mel got too close to the big males, Spindle would hurry to remove his small charge from danger even though this meant he got into trouble himself. For a whole year, this relationship endured, and there was no doubt that Spindle saved Mel’s life. Why did Spindle act that way, burdening himself with the care of a sickly youngster? Probably we shall never know, but it is interesting to reflect that during the plague that claimed Mel’s mother, Spindle’s mother also died. Is it possible that Spindle’s loss of his mother left an empty space in his life? And that the contact with a dependent baby helped to fill that space? Or did Spindle experience an emotion similar to that which we call sympathy? Perhaps  lonely chimpanzee felt a mixture of both.

#2007 9월
Every musician brings his or her own ideas and talents to a composition, so the results can be as varied and unique as fingerprints. Classical music is like perpetually wet clay. A musician grabs hold of it and molds it according to personal tastes and experiences, leaving an impress on the music. But it’s never a permanent imprint; the next musician to come along can smooth out the clay and mold it in a completely different way. Obviously, this sort of freedom can be abused. A musician who has not researched the composer and the composition sufficiently may make decisions about tempos or phrasing that are inappropriate, even harmful to the piece. There are, however, relatively few absolutes in music. There is always room for new approaches.
A finance professor once told me that the best way to predict the future is to study the past. For a while I thought that was only applicable in finance. In reality, this is true in more than finance. When we seek employment, the “negativity” of the experience is often more magnified than the positive. We tend to gravitate toward what is not happening rather than what is. At some point during your job search you will question the source of all this negativity. The fear of the unknown and what the next step will be is what is happening. So how might you turn all this around and move in a positive direction? The step toward the positive direction is to identify your barriers, come to terms with them, and decide to move on. What works for most job seekers is to look through their past experiences to help them build for the future.
There was a man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge things too quickly. So he sent them each on a quest, in turn, to go and look at a pear tree that was a great distance away. The first son he sent in the winter, the second in the spring, the third in the summer, and the youngest son in the fall. When they had all gone and come back, he called them together to describe what they had seen. The man then explained to his sons that they were all right because they had each seen only one season in the tree’s life. He said, “You should not judge a tree by only one season. The same is true of people’s lives. A person’s life can only be measured at the end, when all the seasons are up. Therefore, sons, don’t give up when it’s winter. If you do, you will miss the promise of your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the fulfillment of your fall.” The first son said that the tree was ugly, bent, and twisted. The second son said it was covered with green buds and full of promise. The third son disagreed; he said it was filled with blossoms that smelled so sweet and looked so beautiful. The last son disagreed with all of them; he said it was ripe and bending with fruit, full of life and fulfillment.

#2006 9월
The Big Friendly Giant expressed a wish to learn how to speak properly, and Sophie volunteered to give him lessons every day. She even taught him how to spell and to write sentences, and he turned out to be an excellent pupil. In his spare time, he read books. He became a tremendous reader. He read all of Charles Dickens and all of Shakespeare and literally thousands of other books. He also started to write essays about his own past life. When Sophie read some of them, she said, “These are very good. I think perhaps one day you could become a real writer.”
I heard a young boy on television say, “If I were President, I’d give everybody enough money to buy whatever they want.” Wonderful as this might sound, such a policy would be a complete disaster. If everyone could receive all the money they needed, what would happen? No one would work to produce goods and services. Then, money would be meaningless. Life itself is that way, too. It’s only worth what you put into it. In other words, a life of value is possible only when you are willing to put forth an effort. Just remember that you will never get something for nothing.
When I was in school, my best friend was a young fellow called Shawn. He was very skilled at using words. In English class, whenever we had to write an essay, he always received the highest mark. Spending time with him was also great fun. Whatever Shawn did, I wanted to do, too. When Shawn decided to pursue writing as a career, I made the same choice. My father’s dream for me, however, was that I should become a physician. When we sat down to discuss it, I told him, “No, I don’t want to be a doctor. I have no interest in medicine. I want to be a great writer one day.” Not long after, on my fourteenth birthday, my father gave me some great literature to read, including Of Human Bondage by W. Somerset Maugham, Arrowsmith by Sinclair Lewis, and Magnificent Obsession by Lloyd C. Douglas. Although he didn’t mention it at the time, all these books were about doctors. And they made such a deep impression that they sparked in me a desire to become one myself. Becoming a physician seemed to me to be an ideal way to begin to explore the human mind. I thought that by understanding the mysteries of the human body, perhaps I could someday get down to the level of the soul. If I had not met Shawn, I might never have developed my love of literature and writing. And if my father had acted differently, I might have become a journalist. I appreciate both Shawn and my father who led me to the life I enjoy so thoroughly today.

#2005 9월
A legend explaining tea’s origins involves Dharma, the father of Zen Buddhism. According to this legend, Dharma traveled from India to China in A.D. 520. There, he demonstrated the Zen art of meditation to the Chinese by sitting in front of a wall for nine years. But one unfortunate day he fell into a light sleep. When he awoke, he was very angry with himself. So he cut off his eyelids to make sure he would never sleep again. The bloody eyelids fell to the ground. They became a tea plant, from which a drink that lessened sleepiness could be made.
Humans use living organisms for many purposes. We breed crops and farm animals for food. We breed dogs for companionship, sport and appearance. We breed flowers to look attractive. We use bacteria and fungi to make foods like yogurt and cheese. In breeding these living organisms, we try to keep their best traits. Two cows, for example, might vary in size, color, size of horns, ability to survive the cold and amount of milk produced. When farmers choose which cow to breed from, they will choose the one with the most useful characteristics. They will hope that the genes for these characteristics will be passed on to the cow’s calf. This is called artificial selection. Artificial selection has been going on ever since humans first began to domesticate animals. Over many generations, it can have big effects on the characteristics of the animals or plants being bred. You only have to look at all the different varieties of dogs to see what selective breeding and artificial selection can do.

#2004 9월
All desert plants have tricks for dealing with great heat and long periods of dryness, or drought. Many small desert plants appear on the landscape only when heavy rains fall. These plants “wait out” periods of drought underground. They exist for months or even years as seeds buried in the soil. When rains come, these seeds spring to life. The young plants quickly grow into adult plants and, in turn, throw out a new bunch of seeds before they die. All this happens within a few weeks.
The boomerang, a light, thin, and well-balanced missile, was the very first Australian invention. It could be thrown into the air to imitate a hawk, causing birds to get frightened and fly into nets where they were caught. ②However, boomerangs were mostly used in competitions between native tribes. The idea was to see who could make the boomerang do the most circles in flight before it returned to the thrower’s feet. Today the boomerang is used by college lecturers to demonstrate the principles of aerodynamics.
Change happens to us all at some point in our life. I am no exception. When I was young, I went through serious growing pains. My ankles and knees ached at night. It hurt, and it was a little scary. My mother told me that it had something to do with “growth plates.” She explained that I should accept the aches and pains gladly because they meant that I was growing fast. When other painful changes came along in later life, I always recalled my mother’s words. And recently, when a friend of mine was having a hard time dealing with the loss of his job, I gave him the same advice. At first he couldn’t accept it, but after a while, he came to see that this was one of the changes that happen to everyone. In the end, losing a job motivated him to start his own business. These experiences have taught me that change, which is an essential part of our life, can have both positive and negative effects. It may hurt us a little when it occurs, but if we accept it as a growth process, it will bring benefits in the long run. My best advice is to “go with the flow.” Keep an open mind and be optimistic. 
